Kingdom	Phylum	Class	Order	Family	Genus
asv1	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv2	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv3	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv4	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv5	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Amylibacter
asv6	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
asv7	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aurantivirga
asv8	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
asv9	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv10	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv11	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv12	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
asv13	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Arenicellales	Arenicellaceae	Arenicellaceae uc
asv14	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv15	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv16	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
asv17	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv18	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv19	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvibaculales	OCS116	OCS116 uc
asv20	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv21	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Thalassobaculales	Nisaeaceae	OM75
asv22	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
asv23	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Formosa
asv24	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Luteolibacter
asv25	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Ascidiaceihabitans
asv26	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv27	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv28	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv29	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Planktomarina
asv31	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
asv32	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv33	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv34	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS4
asv35	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv36	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv37	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv38	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv39	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
asv41	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
asv42	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
asv43	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
asv44	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
asv45	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Thiotrichaceae	Thiotrichaceae uc
asv46	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv47	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS2b
asv48	Bacteria	Dadabacteria	Dadabacteriia	Dadabacteriales	Dadabacteriales uc	Dadabacteriales uc
asv49	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Lentibacter
asv50	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv51	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas
asv52	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv53	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
asv54	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Shewanella
asv55	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Ulvibacter
asv56	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Planktomarina
asv57	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
asv58	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv59	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv60	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv61	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv62	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv63	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	OM60(NOR5)
asv64	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
asv65	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade IV	SAR11 Clade IV uc
asv66	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingorhabdus
asv67	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Methylophagaceae	Methylophagaceae uc
asv68	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv69	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv70	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS2b
asv71	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
asv72	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	Porticoccus
asv73	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
asv74	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv75	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv76	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv77	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ga0077536	Ga0077536 uc	Ga0077536 uc
asv78	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv79	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv80	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
asv81	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
asv82	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv83	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
asv84	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
asv85	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Marinomonadaceae	Marinomonas
asv86	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv87	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv88	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
asv89	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwelliaceae uc
asv90	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv91	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
asv92	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv93	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv94	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Lentimonas
asv95	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Moritellaceae	Moritella
asv96	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv97	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas
asv98	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Marinobacteraceae	Marinobacter
asv99	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv100	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv101	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv102	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
asv103	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv104	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Planktomarina
asv105	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv106	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv107	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv108	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Ascidiaceihabitans
asv109	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv110	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Actinomarinales	Actinomarinaceae	Cand_Actinomarina
asv111	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv112	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Planktomarina
asv113	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
asv114	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Paraglaciecola
asv115	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Luteolibacter
asv116	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv117	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
asv118	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv119	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Pseudofulvibacter
asv120	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
asv121	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv122	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
asv123	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv124	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
asv125	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
asv126	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS4
asv127	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
asv128	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
asv129	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS4
asv130	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv131	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv132	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Thalassobaculales	Nisaeaceae	OM75
asv133	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv134	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv135	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv136	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
asv137	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS2b
asv138	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv139	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
asv140	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium
asv141	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv142	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Halomonadaceae	Halomonas
asv143	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
asv144	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
asv145	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv146	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
asv147	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv148	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv149	Bacteria	Dadabacteria	Dadabacteriia	Dadabacteriales	Dadabacteriales uc	Dadabacteriales uc
asv150	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Marinoscillum
asv151	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv152	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Arenicellales	Arenicellaceae	Arenicellaceae uc
asv153	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv154	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
asv155	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aurantivirga
asv156	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv157	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv158	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv159	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
asv160	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
asv161	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Cyanobacteriia	Synechococcales	Cyanobiaceae	Synechococcus
asv162	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv163	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Thalassobaculales	Nisaeaceae	OM75
asv164	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas
asv165	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv166	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aurantivirga
asv167	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Nitrosomonadaceae	Nitrosomonas
asv168	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kordiimonadales	Kordiimonadales uc	Kordiimonadales uc
asv169	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv170	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv171	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS4
asv172	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv173	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
asv174	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv175	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv176	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv177	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Thiotrichaceae	Thiotrichaceae uc
asv178	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales uc	Rickettsiales uc
asv179	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv180	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Rubinisphaeraceae	Rubinisphaeraceae uc
asv181	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS4
asv182	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc
asv183	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Paraglaciecola
asv184	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv185	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv186	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade IV	SAR11 Clade IV uc
asv187	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
asv188	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv189	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv190	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv191	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
asv192	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
asv193	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv194	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
asv195	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS4
asv196	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
asv197	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv198	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Roseibacillus
asv199	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv200	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	NS10
asv201	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Ascidiaceihabitans
asv202	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
asv203	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv204	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
asv205	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
asv206	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
asv207	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
asv208	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kiloniellales	Kiloniellaceae	Kiloniellaceae uc
asv209	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv210	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Nonlabens
asv211	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Roseibacillus
asv212	Bacteria	Dadabacteria	Dadabacteriia	Dadabacteriales	Dadabacteriales uc	Dadabacteriales uc
asv213	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv214	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
asv215	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Rubinisphaeraceae	Rubinisphaeraceae uc
asv216	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	NS10
asv217	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
asv218	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Thalassobaculales	Nisaeaceae	OM75
asv219	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas
asv220	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv221	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
asv222	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv223	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv224	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
asv225	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv226	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	NS10
asv227	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv228	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv229	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Marinoscillum
asv230	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv233	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv234	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv235	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
asv236	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS2b
asv237	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
asv238	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv239	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv240	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	Cand_Puniceispirillum
asv241	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv242	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
asv243	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sedimentitalea
asv244	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
asv246	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv247	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	PeM15	PeM15 uc	PeM15 uc
asv248	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Rhodoferax
asv249	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
asv250	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv251	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade III	SAR11 Clade III uc
asv252	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv253	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
asv254	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Thalassobaculales	Thalassobaculaceae	Thalassobaculum
asv256	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv257	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Roseibacillus
asv258	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Formosa
asv259	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
asv260	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Marinoscillum
asv261	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv262	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
asv263	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Pedosphaerales	Pedosphaeraceae	SCGC_AAA164-E04
asv264	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv265	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv266	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv267	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Cyanobacteriia	Cyanobacteriia uc	Cyanobacteriia uc	Cyanobacteriia uc
asv268	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
asv270	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv271	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
asv272	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HOC36	HOC36 uc	HOC36 uc
asv273	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Amylibacter
asv274	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv275	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
asv276	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvibaculales	Parvibaculaceae	Parvibaculaceae uc
asv277	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
asv278	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Lentimonas
asv279	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
asv280	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv281	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv282	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv283	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv284	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
asv285	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
asv286	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
asv287	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
asv288	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv289	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas
asv290	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv291	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv292	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv293	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
asv294	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Oceanicoccus
asv295	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv296	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Victivallales	Arctic95B-14	Arctic95B-14 uc
asv297	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillaceae	Rhodospirillaceae uc
asv298	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
asv299	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Formosa
asv300	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
asv301	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv302	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Marimicrobium
asv303	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
asv304	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Nitrosomonadaceae	Nitrosomonas
asv305	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Thalassospiraceae	Thalassospira
asv306	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas
asv307	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
asv308	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv309	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv310	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv311	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv312	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv313	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv314	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv315	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv316	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv317	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv318	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv319	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Roseibacillus
asv320	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
asv321	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv322	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	JL-ETNP-F27
asv323	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Photobacterium
asv324	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv325	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
asv326	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv327	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Yoonia-Loktanella
asv328	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Glaciecola
asv329	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv330	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
asv331	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv332	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv333	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc
asv334	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv335	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv336	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Roseibacillus
asv337	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv338	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	Cand_Puniceispirillum
asv339	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv340	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
asv341	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv342	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS4
asv343	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
asv344	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
asv346	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv347	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
asv348	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	JL-ETNP-F27
asv349	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Microtrichaceae uc
asv350	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionaceae	Cellvibrionaceae uc
asv351	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc
asv352	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv353	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Rubritalea
asv354	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv356	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Thiotrichaceae	Thiotrichaceae uc
asv357	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv358	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv359	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv360	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	OM60(NOR5)
asv361	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
asv362	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
asv363	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv364	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv365	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv366	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv367	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Cerasicoccus
asv368	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv369	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv370	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Novosphingobium
asv371	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
asv372	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwelliaceae uc
asv373	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sneathiellales	Sneathiellaceae	Sneathiellaceae uc
asv374	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Cyanobacteriia	Synechococcales	Cyanobiaceae	Synechococcus
asv375	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv376	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv377	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv378	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc
asv379	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv380	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
asv381	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv382	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Yoonia-Loktanella
asv383	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv384	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Aliivibrio
asv385	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv386	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv387	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc
asv388	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv389	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	NS11-12	NS11-12 uc
asv390	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv391	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv392	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
asv393	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv394	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv395	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
asv396	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv397	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	CL500-3
asv398	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv399	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv400	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
asv401	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
asv402	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
asv403	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	P.palmC41	P.palmC41 uc	P.palmC41 uc
asv404	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv405	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Saccharospirillaceae	Oleispira
asv406	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
asv407	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv408	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv409	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv410	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
asv411	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kiloniellales	Kiloniellaceae	Kiloniellaceae uc
asv412	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv413	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
asv414	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
asv415	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
asv416	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	FS140-16B-02
asv417	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv418	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv419	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv420	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv421	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
asv422	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
asv423	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv424	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv425	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv426	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
asv427	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	Puniceispirillales uc	Puniceispirillales uc
asv428	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Kangiellaceae	Kangiellaceae uc
asv429	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
asv430	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv431	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	Porticoccus
asv432	Bacteria	Dadabacteria	Dadabacteriia	Dadabacteriales	Dadabacteriales uc	Dadabacteriales uc
asv433	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Thalassobaculales	Nisaeaceae	OM75
asv434	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv435	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv436	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
asv437	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv438	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Thalassobaculales	Nisaeaceae	OM75
asv439	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv440	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
asv441	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	Puniceispirillales uc	Puniceispirillales uc
asv442	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Marinomonadaceae	Marinomonas
asv443	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv445	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv446	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
asv447	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
asv448	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
asv449	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Hoeflea
asv450	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
asv451	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	KF-JG30-B3	KF-JG30-B3 uc
asv452	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv453	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Thalassobaculales	Nisaeaceae	OM75
asv454	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
asv455	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv456	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv457	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv458	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv459	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv461	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv462	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
asv463	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Alcanivoracaceae1	Alcanivorax
asv464	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv465	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	SM23-30	SM23-30 uc
asv466	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv467	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinota uc	Nitrospinota uc	Nitrospinota uc	Nitrospinota uc
asv468	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacteraceae	Vicinamibacteraceae uc
asv469	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Rubinisphaeraceae	Rubinisphaeraceae uc
asv470	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
asv471	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv472	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
asv473	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Idiomarinaceae	Idiomarina
asv474	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv475	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv476	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv477	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv478	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv479	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	EF100-94H03	EF100-94H03 uc
asv480	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv481	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvibaculales	Parvibaculaceae	Parvibaculaceae uc
asv482	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Pseudofulvibacter
asv483	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
asv484	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	JL-ETNP-F27
asv486	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv487	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv488	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aurantivirga
asv489	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
asv490	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
asv491	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	C1-B045
asv493	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv494	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HOC36	HOC36 uc	HOC36 uc
asv495	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv496	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
asv497	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Bythopirellula
asv498	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
asv499	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
asv500	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv501	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Cyanobacteriia	Cyanobacteriia uc	Cyanobacteriia uc	Cyanobacteriia uc
asv502	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Rhodanobacteraceae	Rhodanobacter
asv503	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv504	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv505	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
asv506	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv507	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv508	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ga0077536	Ga0077536 uc	Ga0077536 uc
asv510	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Pelagicoccus
asv511	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
asv512	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
asv513	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv514	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv515	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
asv516	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv517	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv518	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade III	SAR11 Clade III uc
asv519	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
asv520	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv521	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv522	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Hoeflea
asv523	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
asv524	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS4
asv525	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SS1-B-07-19	SS1-B-07-19 uc	SS1-B-07-19 uc
asv526	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
asv527	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv528	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Ilumatobacteraceae	Ilumatobacter
asv529	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
asv530	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv531	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
asv532	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	JL-ETNP-F27
asv533	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
asv534	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv535	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	JG30-KF-CM66	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc
asv536	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv537	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
asv538	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv539	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	S25-593	S25-593 uc
asv540	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv542	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
asv543	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv544	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv545	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv546	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Aureispira
asv547	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ectothiorhodospirales	Ectothiorhodospiraceae	Ectothiorhodospiraceae uc
asv549	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv550	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv551	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Roseibacillus
asv552	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
asv553	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv554	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv555	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Pelagicoccus
asv556	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
asv557	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS2b
asv558	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
asv559	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv560	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
asv561	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HOC36	HOC36 uc	HOC36 uc
asv562	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv563	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv564	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv565	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv566	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	Cand_Puniceispirillum
asv569	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv570	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv572	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
asv573	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
asv574	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Cand_Aquiluna
asv575	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
asv576	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
asv578	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv579	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Nitrosomonadaceae	IS-44
asv580	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv582	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
asv583	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv584	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv585	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
asv586	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv587	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaerales	Lentisphaeraceae	Lentisphaera
asv588	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv589	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	P9X2b3D02	P9X2b3D02 uc	P9X2b3D02 uc	P9X2b3D02 uc
asv590	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
asv591	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv592	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv593	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv594	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv595	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
asv596	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Rubritalea
asv597	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Pseudofulvibacter
asv598	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HgCo23	HgCo23 uc	HgCo23 uc
asv599	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
asv600	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv601	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv602	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	P9X2b3D02	P9X2b3D02 uc	P9X2b3D02 uc	P9X2b3D02 uc
asv603	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Cyanobacteriia	Cyanobacteriia uc	Cyanobacteriia uc	Cyanobacteriia uc
asv604	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
asv605	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Pseudofulvibacter
asv606	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Opitutaceae	Diplosphaera
asv607	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv608	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
asv609	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
asv610	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv611	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv612	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv613	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv614	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Roseibacillus
asv615	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	CL500-3
asv616	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
asv617	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv618	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
asv619	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv620	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv621	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv622	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv623	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
asv624	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
asv625	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
asv626	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv627	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv628	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
asv629	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Thalassobius
asv630	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv631	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv632	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv633	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv634	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv635	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
asv636	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv637	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Octadecabacter
asv638	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv639	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Ulvibacter
asv641	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
asv642	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
asv643	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv644	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
asv646	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv647	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv648	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv649	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
asv650	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Enterobacteriaceae	Escherichia/Shigella
asv651	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv652	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
asv653	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
asv654	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv655	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv656	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
asv657	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
asv659	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
asv660	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Cyanobacteriia	Synechococcales	Cyanobiaceae	Synechococcus
asv661	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv662	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
asv663	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv664	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Stenotrophomonas
asv665	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv666	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
asv667	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Salinirepens
asv668	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ga0077536	Ga0077536 uc	Ga0077536 uc
asv669	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
asv670	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
asv671	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv672	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
asv673	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv674	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
asv675	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv677	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv678	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Paraperlucidibaca
asv679	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv680	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv681	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv682	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Enhydrobacter
asv683	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Halomonadaceae	Halomonas
asv684	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv685	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv686	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv687	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv689	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv690	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv691	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	Porticoccus
asv692	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv693	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv695	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
asv696	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
asv697	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ga0077536	Ga0077536 uc	Ga0077536 uc
asv698	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
asv699	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	CL500-3
asv700	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv701	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
asv702	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Marinoscillum
asv703	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv704	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Pedosphaerales	Pedosphaeraceae	SCGC_AAA164-E04
asv705	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv706	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
asv707	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv708	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Luminiphilus
asv709	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ga0077536	Ga0077536 uc	Ga0077536 uc
asv710	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv711	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
asv712	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
asv713	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
asv714	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv715	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv716	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv717	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv718	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv719	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionales uc	Micavibrionales uc
asv720	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiohalorhabdales	Thiohalorhabdaceae	Thiohalorhabdaceae uc
asv722	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv723	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv724	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
asv725	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv726	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Owenweeksia
asv727	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv728	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	P9X2b3D02	P9X2b3D02 uc	P9X2b3D02 uc	P9X2b3D02 uc
asv729	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriales uc	Flavobacteriales uc
asv730	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv731	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv732	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Pedosphaerales	Pedosphaeraceae	SCGC_AAA164-E04
asv733	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv734	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv735	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Marinobacteraceae	Marinobacter
asv736	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Tenderiales	Tenderiaceae	Cand_Tenderia
asv737	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv738	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Methylophagaceae	Methylophagaceae uc
asv739	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HOC36	HOC36 uc	HOC36 uc
asv740	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv741	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv742	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv743	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv744	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ga0077536	Ga0077536 uc	Ga0077536 uc
asv745	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
asv746	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
asv747	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
asv748	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv749	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Rubritalea
asv750	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillaceae	Rhodospirillaceae uc
asv751	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv752	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Devosiaceae	Devosia
asv753	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv754	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
asv755	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv756	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Urania-1B-19_marine_sediment_group
asv757	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Halomonadaceae	Salinicola
asv758	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv759	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv760	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv761	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
asv762	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv763	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Novosphingobium
asv764	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv765	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	JTB23	JTB23 uc	JTB23 uc
asv766	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv768	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Thalassobaculales	Nisaeaceae	OM75
asv769	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
asv770	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv771	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv772	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
asv773	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv774	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade IV	SAR11 Clade IV uc
asv775	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
asv776	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv777	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sneathiellales	Sneathiellaceae	Sneathiellaceae uc
asv778	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv779	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv780	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv781	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv782	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv783	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Thalassobaculales	Nisaeaceae	OM75
asv784	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv785	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv786	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Anaerolineales	Anaerolineaceae	Anaerolineaceae uc
asv787	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv788	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv789	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv791	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Planctomycetales uc	Planctomycetales uc
asv792	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ectothiorhodospirales	Ectothiorhodospiraceae	Ectothiorhodospiraceae uc
asv793	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
asv794	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
asv795	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv796	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv797	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv798	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv799	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
asv800	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv801	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv802	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv803	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	JTB23	JTB23 uc	JTB23 uc
asv804	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv805	Bacteria	Campilobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Arcobacteraceae uc
asv806	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv807	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv808	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	S085	S085 uc	S085 uc
asv809	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv810	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Winogradskyella
asv811	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
asv812	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv813	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv814	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv815	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
asv816	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv817	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Paraglaciecola
asv818	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv819	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv820	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv821	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
asv822	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
asv823	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
asv824	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv825	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv826	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Staphylococcales	Staphylococcaceae	Staphylococcus
asv827	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
asv828	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Roseivirga
asv829	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv830	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
asv831	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
asv832	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv834	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv835	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Puniceicoccaceae uc
asv836	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv837	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
asv838	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
asv839	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv840	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv841	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
asv842	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
asv843	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
asv844	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv845	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Mesonia
asv846	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv847	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
asv848	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv849	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv850	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	RS62
asv851	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Psychroserpens
asv852	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv853	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rubripirellula
asv854	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ga0077536	Ga0077536 uc	Ga0077536 uc
asv855	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv856	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
asv857	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv858	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ga0077536	Ga0077536 uc	Ga0077536 uc
asv859	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillales uc	Rhodospirillales uc
asv860	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv861	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv862	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Tateyamaria
asv863	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Caulobacteraceae	Caulobacter
asv864	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv865	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmata_or	Thermoplasmata_fa	Marine_Group_III
asv866	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv867	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HOC36	HOC36 uc	HOC36 uc
asv868	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sneathiellales	Sneathiellaceae	Sneathiellaceae uc
asv869	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
asv870	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv871	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv872	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv873	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv874	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv875	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Thiotrichaceae	Thiotrichaceae uc
asv876	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv877	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
asv878	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv879	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
asv880	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv881	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
asv882	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv883	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Thiotrichaceae	Thiotrichaceae uc
asv884	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Octadecabacter
asv885	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvibaculales	Parvibaculaceae	Parvibaculaceae uc
asv886	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv887	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade IV	SAR11 Clade IV uc
asv888	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv889	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv890	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv891	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv892	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
asv893	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv894	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Marinoscillum
asv896	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
asv897	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv898	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
asv899	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv900	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
asv901	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv902	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv903	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv904	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv905	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
asv906	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
asv908	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv909	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Erysipelotrichales	Erysipelotrichaceae	Erysipelothrix
asv910	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
asv911	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv912	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionella
asv913	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv914	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv915	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv916	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	OM60(NOR5)
asv917	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
asv918	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Moritellaceae	Moritella
asv919	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv920	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Ulvibacter
asv921	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv922	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv923	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv924	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
asv925	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Methylophagaceae	Methylophagaceae uc
asv926	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	FS140-16B-02
asv927	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Thiotrichaceae	Thiotrichaceae uc
asv928	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv929	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
asv930	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Saccharospirillaceae	Oleibacter
asv931	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv932	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
asv933	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc
asv934	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Thermomonas
asv935	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ga0077536	Ga0077536 uc	Ga0077536 uc
asv936	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv937	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
asv938	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
asv939	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv940	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Aureispira
asv941	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
asv942	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv943	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv944	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv945	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Verruc-01
asv946	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Hyphomonas
asv947	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
asv949	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	FS140-16B-02
asv950	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv951	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
asv952	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv953	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
asv954	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv955	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
asv956	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Ascidiaceihabitans
asv957	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
asv958	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv959	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv960	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv961	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Beijerinckiaceae	Methylobacterium-Methylorubrum
asv962	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
asv963	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
asv964	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv965	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv966	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv967	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Arenicellales	Arenicellaceae	Arenicella
asv968	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv969	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv970	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Thalassobaculales	Nisaeaceae	OM75
asv971	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv972	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
asv973	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
asv974	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillales uc	Rhodospirillales uc
asv975	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv976	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv977	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv978	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
asv979	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv980	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv981	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	CL500-3
asv982	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv983	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv984	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvibaculales	Parvibaculaceae	Parvibaculaceae uc
asv985	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
asv986	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lutibacter
asv987	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Ulvibacter
asv988	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv989	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Thermicanales	Thermicanaceae	Thermicanus
asv990	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Rubinisphaeraceae	Rubinisphaeraceae uc
asv991	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaerales	Lentisphaeraceae	Lentisphaera
asv992	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv993	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv995	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
asv996	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
asv997	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv998	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
asv999	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv1000	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv1001	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv1002	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Actinomarinales	Actinomarinaceae	Cand_Actinomarina
asv1003	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv1004	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv1005	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv1006	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv1007	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
asv1008	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv1009	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv1010	Bacteria	Dadabacteria	Dadabacteriia	Dadabacteriales	Dadabacteriales uc	Dadabacteriales uc
asv1011	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv1012	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
asv1014	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv1015	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
asv1016	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
asv1017	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv1018	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv1019	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Ulvibacter
asv1020	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
asv1021	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv1022	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Thalassobaculales	Nisaeaceae	OM75
asv1023	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Beijerinckiaceae	Methylobacterium-Methylorubrum
asv1024	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
asv1025	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
asv1027	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
asv1028	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv1029	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
asv1030	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv1031	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv1032	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv1033	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
asv1034	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv1035	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Granulosicoccales	Granulosicoccaceae	Granulosicoccus
asv1036	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv1037	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv1038	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv1039	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas
asv1040	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
asv1041	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv1042	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
asv1043	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv1044	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
asv1045	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv1046	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
asv1047	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv1048	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Yoonia-Loktanella
asv1049	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv1050	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv1051	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Nonlabens
asv1052	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv1053	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv1054	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv1055	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv1056	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	CL500-3
asv1057	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv1058	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
asv1059	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv1060	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv1061	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	JL-ETNP-F27
asv1062	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
asv1063	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
asv1064	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv1065	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv1066	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter
asv1067	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv1068	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Methylococcales	Methylomonadaceae	Milano-WF1B-03
asv1069	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv1070	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv1071	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv1072	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv1073	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
asv1074	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv1075	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv1076	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv1077	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingobium
asv1078	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv1079	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv1080	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv1081	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
asv1082	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	NS10
asv1084	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HgCo23	HgCo23 uc	HgCo23 uc
asv1085	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Oxalobacteraceae	Herbaspirillum
asv1086	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv1087	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
asv1088	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
asv1089	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv1090	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv1091	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Shewanella
asv1092	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
asv1093	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv1094	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv1095	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv1096	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
asv1097	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv1098	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	Porticoccus
asv1099	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv1100	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv1101	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv1102	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv1103	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	FS140-16B-02
asv1104	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS4
asv1105	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvibaculales	Parvibaculaceae	Mf105b01
asv1106	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv1107	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv1108	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv1109	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv1110	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv1111	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv1112	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
asv1113	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv1114	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Arenicellales	Arenicellaceae	Arenicella
asv1115	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv1116	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv1117	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv1118	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Tamlana
asv1119	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv1120	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv1121	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv1122	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv1123	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv1124	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	CL500-3
asv1125	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv1126	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Thalassobaculales	Nisaeaceae	OM75
asv1127	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HOC36	HOC36 uc	HOC36 uc
asv1128	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv1129	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv1130	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv1131	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv1132	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv1133	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kordiimonadales	Kordiimonadaceae	Kordiimonas
asv1134	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv1135	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
asv1136	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv1137	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv1138	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv1139	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
asv1140	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
asv1141	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
asv1142	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium
asv1143	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Arenicellales	Arenicellaceae	Arenicella
asv1144	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HgCo23	HgCo23 uc	HgCo23 uc
asv1145	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv1146	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
asv1147	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv1148	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Rubritalea
asv1149	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Arenicellales	Arenicellaceae	Arenicella
asv1150	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
asv1151	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv1152	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv1153	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv1154	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv1155	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
asv1156	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Maricaulis
asv1157	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv1158	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
asv1159	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
asv1160	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacteraceae	Vicinamibacteraceae uc
asv1161	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv1162	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
asv1163	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv1164	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv1166	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Halobacteriovorax
asv1167	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
asv1168	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Reyranellales	Reyranellaceae	Reyranella
asv1169	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv1170	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv1171	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	JG30-KF-CM66	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc
asv1172	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
asv1173	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv1174	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv1175	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	Methylotenera
asv1176	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv1177	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv1178	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv1179	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv1180	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv1181	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
asv1182	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv1183	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv1184	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmata_or	Thermoplasmata_fa	Marine_Group_III
asv1185	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv1186	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv1187	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv1189	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	Thioglobaceae uc
asv1190	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmata_or	Thermoplasmata_fa	Marine_Group_III
asv1191	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
asv1192	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv1193	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Puniceicoccaceae uc
asv1194	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv1195	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv1196	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Planktomarina
asv1197	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
asv1198	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Aureispira
asv1199	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomicaceae uc
asv1200	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv1201	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
asv1202	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
asv1203	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv1204	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
asv1205	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv1207	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv1208	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv1209	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
asv1210	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv1211	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
asv1212	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv1213	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Methylophagaceae	Methylophagaceae uc
asv1214	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade III	SAR11 Clade III uc
asv1215	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Formosa
asv1216	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
asv1217	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv1218	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Nitrosomonadaceae	Nitrosomonas
asv1219	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
asv1220	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv1221	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv1222	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv1225	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv1226	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv1227	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv1228	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv1229	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv1230	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv1231	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium
asv1232	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv1233	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv1234	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade IV	SAR11 Clade IV uc
asv1235	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv1236	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
asv1238	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillaceae	Rhodospirillaceae uc
asv1239	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv1240	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomicaceae uc
asv1241	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv1242	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv1243	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium
asv1244	Bacteria	Fusobacteriota	Fusobacteriia	Fusobacteriales	Fusobacteriaceae	Psychrilyobacter
asv1245	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv1246	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv1247	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Pedosphaerales	Pedosphaeraceae	SCGC_AAA164-E04
asv1248	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv1249	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade IV	SAR11 Clade IV uc
asv1250	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Rubritalea
asv1252	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv1253	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
asv1255	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv1256	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv1257	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv1258	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv1260	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv1261	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv1262	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv1263	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Roseibacillus
asv1264	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv1265	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
asv1266	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv1267	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv1268	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv1269	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Yoonia-Loktanella
asv1270	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv1271	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionaceae	Cellvibrionaceae uc
asv1272	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Martelella
asv1273	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv1274	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
asv1275	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv1276	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
asv1277	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla3_lineage	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc
asv1278	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Actinomarinales	Actinomarinaceae	Cand_Actinomarina
asv1280	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Rubinisphaeraceae	Rubinisphaeraceae uc
asv1281	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
asv1283	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
asv1284	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Xanthobacteraceae	Afipia
asv1285	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv1286	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv1287	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
asv1288	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv1289	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
asv1290	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv1291	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv1292	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv1293	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv1294	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
asv1295	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
asv1296	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Nitrosomonadaceae	IS-44
asv1297	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Rhodocyclaceae	Dechloromonas
asv1298	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv1299	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
asv1300	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv1301	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv1302	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv1303	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
asv1304	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv1306	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv1307	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Chloroflexi uc	Chloroflexi uc	Chloroflexi uc	Chloroflexi uc
asv1308	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	NS10
asv1309	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
asv1310	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade IV	SAR11 Clade IV uc
asv1311	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv1312	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv1313	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
asv1314	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv1315	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv1316	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv1317	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv1318	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Thalassobaculales	Nisaeaceae	OM75
asv1319	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv1320	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv1321	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv1322	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv1323	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv1324	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
asv1325	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavicella
asv1326	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv1327	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv1328	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv1329	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv1330	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv1331	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv1332	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv1333	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv1334	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
asv1335	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Caulobacteraceae	Brevundimonas
asv1336	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
asv1337	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HOC36	HOC36 uc	HOC36 uc
asv1338	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv1339	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
asv1340	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	P9X2b3D02	P9X2b3D02 uc	P9X2b3D02 uc	P9X2b3D02 uc
asv1341	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv1342	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	CL500-3
asv1343	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Caulobacteraceae	Caulobacteraceae uc
asv1344	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacteraceae	Vicinamibacteraceae uc
asv1345	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv1346	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv1347	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Amylibacter
asv1348	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	CL500-3
asv1349	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
asv1350	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
asv1351	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv1352	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv1353	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv1355	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv1356	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Olleya
asv1357	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Planctomycetales uc	Planctomycetales uc
asv1358	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv1359	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv1360	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv1361	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv1362	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
asv1363	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
asv1364	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv1365	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
asv1366	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	NAC11-7
asv1367	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cytophagales uc	Cytophagales uc
asv1368	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Sinobacterium
asv1369	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv1370	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv1372	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwelliaceae uc
asv1373	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv1374	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
asv1375	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv1376	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
asv1378	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv1379	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
asv1380	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv1381	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv1382	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Ascidiaceihabitans
asv1383	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
asv1384	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv1385	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	Cand_Puniceispirillum
asv1386	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv1387	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv1388	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
asv1389	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
asv1390	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv1391	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
asv1392	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
asv1393	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
asv1394	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv1395	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv1396	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv1397	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv1398	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv1399	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Piscirickettsiales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Cand_Endoecteinascidia
asv1400	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Amylibacter
asv1401	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv1403	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
asv1405	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
asv1406	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
asv1407	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv1408	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv1409	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Formosa
asv1410	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
asv1411	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Tenacibaculum
asv1412	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv1413	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	JL-ETNP-F27
asv1414	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacteraceae	Vicinamibacteraceae uc
asv1415	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
asv1416	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
asv1417	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	JTB23	JTB23 uc	JTB23 uc
asv1418	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
asv1419	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
asv1420	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv1421	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv1422	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv1423	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv1424	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv1425	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv1426	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv1427	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv1428	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv1429	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv1431	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Nocardiaceae	Rhodococcus
asv1432	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Thalassobaculales	Nisaeaceae	OM75
asv1433	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	CL500-3
asv1434	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv1435	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Psychrobium
asv1436	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv1438	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Lewinella
asv1439	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv1440	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kiloniellales	Kiloniellaceae	Kiloniellaceae uc
asv1441	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Arenicellales	Arenicellaceae	Arenicella
asv1442	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiales_Incertae_Sedis	Bauldia
asv1443	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv1444	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Rhizobiaceae uc
asv1446	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv1447	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv1448	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
asv1449	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Fabibacter
asv1450	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	Cand_Puniceispirillum
asv1451	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv1452	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv1453	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
asv1454	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Psychrobium
asv1455	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Pedosphaerales	Pedosphaeraceae	SCGC_AAA164-E04
asv1457	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Saccharospirillaceae	Oleispira
asv1458	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Varunaivibrio
asv1459	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv1460	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv1461	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
asv1462	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv1463	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv1464	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv1465	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aurantivirga
asv1466	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv1467	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
asv1468	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
asv1469	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv1470	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv1471	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	FS140-16B-02
asv1472	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv1473	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv1474	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv1475	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Oleiphilaceae	Oleiphilus
asv1476	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv1477	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Cand_Ovatusbacter
asv1478	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacteraceae	Vicinamibacteraceae uc
asv1479	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
asv1480	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv1481	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Dokdonia
asv1482	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	Methylotenera
asv1483	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
asv1484	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	FS140-16B-02
asv1485	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv1486	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv1487	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ga0077536	Ga0077536 uc	Ga0077536 uc
asv1488	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Pseudofulvibacter
asv1489	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	KD3-93	KD3-93 uc
asv1490	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
asv1491	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
asv1492	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv1493	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv1494	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv1495	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv1496	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv1497	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
asv1498	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Thalassobaculales	Nisaeaceae	OM75
asv1499	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
asv1500	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
asv1501	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
asv1502	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade IV	SAR11 Clade IV uc
asv1503	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
asv1504	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
asv1505	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc
asv1506	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv1507	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv1508	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv1509	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv1510	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv1511	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillaceae	Rhodospirillaceae uc
asv1512	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv1513	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv1514	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv1515	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SS1-B-07-19	SS1-B-07-19 uc	SS1-B-07-19 uc
asv1516	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc
asv1517	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium
asv1518	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv1519	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Thalassotalea
asv1520	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv1521	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Cyanobacteriia	Cyanobacteriia uc	Cyanobacteriia uc	Cyanobacteriia uc
asv1522	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvibaculales	OCS116	OCS116 uc
asv1524	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv1525	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
asv1526	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv1527	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
asv1528	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
asv1529	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv1530	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	CL500-3
asv1532	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
asv1533	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	CL500-3
asv1534	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv1535	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv1536	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv1537	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv1538	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aquibacter
asv1539	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv1540	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv1541	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv1542	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Victivallales	Arctic95B-14	Arctic95B-14 uc
asv1543	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv1544	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Nitrosococcaceae	FS142-36B-02
asv1545	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv1546	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter
asv1547	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv1548	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv1549	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Formosa
asv1550	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv1551	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv1552	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	FS140-16B-02
asv1553	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Nitrosococcaceae	Nitrosococcaceae uc
asv1554	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv1555	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv1556	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
asv1557	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Aureispira
asv1558	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv1559	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv1560	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionaceae	Cellvibrionaceae uc
asv1561	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv1562	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Aureispira
asv1563	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv1564	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Sediminicola
asv1565	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
asv1566	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv1567	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv1568	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
asv1569	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv1570	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv1571	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv1573	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv1574	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv1575	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv1576	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv1577	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Pelagicoccus
asv1578	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
asv1579	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
asv1580	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv1581	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	Cand_Puniceispirillum
asv1582	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv1583	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv1584	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Thiotrichaceae	Cocleimonas
asv1585	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv1586	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv1587	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
asv1588	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv1589	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Shewanella
asv1590	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv1592	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
asv1593	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv1594	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Nitrosococcaceae	FS142-36B-02
asv1595	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv1597	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc
asv1598	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv1599	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
asv1600	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv1601	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
asv1602	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv1603	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv1604	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv1605	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Variovorax
asv1606	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv1607	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv1608	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SS1-B-07-19	SS1-B-07-19 uc	SS1-B-07-19 uc
asv1609	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
asv1610	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
asv1611	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
asv1612	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Rubinisphaeraceae	Rubinisphaeraceae uc
asv1613	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv1614	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv1615	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv1616	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv1617	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
asv1618	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv1619	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
asv1620	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc
asv1621	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv1622	Bacteria	Hydrogenedentes	Hydrogenedentia	Hydrogenedentiales	Hydrogenedensaceae	Hydrogenedensaceae uc
asv1623	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
asv1624	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv1625	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	FS140-16B-02
asv1626	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Marinifilaceae	Marinifilum
asv1627	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
asv1628	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
asv1629	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria uc	Actinobacteria uc	Actinobacteria uc
asv1630	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Oleiphilaceae	Oleiphilus
asv1631	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
asv1632	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv1634	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter
asv1635	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv1636	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	CL500-3
asv1637	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv1638	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv1639	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
asv1640	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Tenacibaculum
asv1641	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv1642	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv1643	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv1644	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv1645	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc
asv1646	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv1647	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aurantivirga
asv1648	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv1649	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maritimimonas
asv1650	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Thalassobaculales	Nisaeaceae	OM75
asv1651	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
asv1652	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
asv1653	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv1654	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmata_or	Thermoplasmata_fa	Marine_Group_III
asv1655	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Saccharospirillaceae	Saccharospirillaceae uc
asv1656	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Vampirivibrionia	Obscuribacterales	Obscuribacteraceae	Cand_Obscuribacter
asv1657	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium
asv1658	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv1659	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv1660	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Moritellaceae	Moritella
asv1661	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Persicirhabdus
asv1662	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
asv1663	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	NAC11-7
asv1664	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Roseibacillus
asv1665	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv1666	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Paraglaciecola
asv1667	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Rubinisphaeraceae	Rubinisphaeraceae uc
asv1668	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv1669	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv1670	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv1671	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Roseivirga
asv1672	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	FS140-16B-02
asv1673	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_5	Subgroup_5 uc	Subgroup_5 uc	Subgroup_5 uc
asv1674	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Rubritalea
asv1675	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Enterobacteriaceae	Enterobacter
asv1676	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
asv1677	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv1678	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv1679	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc
asv1680	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
asv1681	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv1682	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
asv1683	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv1684	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv1685	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingorhabdus
asv1686	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv1687	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
asv1688	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	Methylotenera
asv1689	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv1690	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv1691	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv1693	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Actinomarinales	Actinomarinales uc	Actinomarinales uc
asv1694	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv1695	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv1697	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv1698	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Planktomarina
asv1699	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv1700	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
asv1701	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv1702	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv1703	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv1704	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv1705	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	028H05-P-BN-P5	028H05-P-BN-P5 uc	028H05-P-BN-P5 uc	028H05-P-BN-P5 uc
asv1706	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
asv1707	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Cyanobacteriia	Synechococcales	Cyanobiaceae	Synechococcus
asv1708	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv1709	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
asv1710	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
asv1711	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lutibacter
asv1712	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_21	Subgroup_21 uc	Subgroup_21 uc	Subgroup_21 uc
asv1714	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
asv1715	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv1716	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Caulobacteraceae	Caulobacter
asv1717	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv1718	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv1719	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv1720	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
asv1721	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvibaculales	Parvibaculaceae	Parvibaculum
asv1722	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
asv1723	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Octadecabacter
asv1725	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv1726	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv1727	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS3a
asv1728	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv1729	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Pedosphaerales	Pedosphaeraceae	SCGC_AAA164-E04
asv1730	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv1731	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Amylibacter
asv1732	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv1733	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv1734	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
asv1735	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv1736	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Thalassobaculales	Nisaeaceae	OM75
asv1737	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv1738	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	NS10
asv1739	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
asv1740	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv1741	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv1743	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
asv1744	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Verruc-01
asv1745	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Curvibacter
asv1746	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv1747	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv1748	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
asv1749	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Marinoscillum
asv1750	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
asv1751	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
asv1752	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv1753	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
asv1754	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv1755	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
asv1756	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv1757	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HgCo23	HgCo23 uc	HgCo23 uc
asv1758	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv1759	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
asv1760	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv1761	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomicaceae uc
asv1762	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Caulobacteraceae	Brevundimonas
asv1763	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Yoonia-Loktanella
asv1764	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
asv1765	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HOC36	HOC36 uc	HOC36 uc
asv1766	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv1767	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv1768	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
asv1769	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
asv1770	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Thalassobaculales	Nisaeaceae	OM75
asv1771	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
asv1772	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv1773	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv1774	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aquibacter
asv1775	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv1776	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Beijerinckiaceae	Methylobacterium-Methylorubrum
asv1777	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halioglobus
asv1778	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
asv1779	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv1780	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv1781	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv1782	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
asv1783	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	JG30-KF-CM66	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc
asv1784	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv1785	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv1786	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv1787	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	Cand_Puniceispirillum
asv1788	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv1789	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Amylibacter
asv1790	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
asv1791	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv1792	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_26	Subgroup_26 uc	Subgroup_26 uc	Subgroup_26 uc
asv1793	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv1794	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv1795	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
asv1796	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv1797	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv1798	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv1799	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv1800	Bacteria	Fibrobacterota	Fibrobacteria	Fibrobacterales	Fibrobacterales uc	Fibrobacterales uc
asv1801	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv1802	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv1803	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv1804	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv1805	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv1806	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Saccharospirillaceae	Oleispira
asv1807	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
asv1808	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv1809	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Victivallales	Arctic95B-14	Arctic95B-14 uc
asv1810	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv1811	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Winogradskyella
asv1812	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv1813	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv1814	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
asv1815	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv1816	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Lentilitoribacter
asv1817	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv1818	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv1819	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Lentilitoribacter
asv1820	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv1821	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv1822	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
asv1823	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv1824	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv1825	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv1826	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv1827	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
asv1828	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla3_lineage	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc
asv1829	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv1830	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv1832	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv1833	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	P9X2b3D02	P9X2b3D02 uc	P9X2b3D02 uc	P9X2b3D02 uc
asv1834	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv1835	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv1837	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ga0077536	Ga0077536 uc	Ga0077536 uc
asv1838	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv1839	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Xanthobacteraceae	Bradyrhizobium
asv1842	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv1843	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv1844	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv1845	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
asv1846	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinota uc	Nitrospinota uc	Nitrospinota uc	Nitrospinota uc
asv1847	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv1848	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv1849	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
asv1850	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
asv1851	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Galbitalea
asv1852	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacteraceae	Vicinamibacteraceae uc
asv1853	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv1854	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
asv1855	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv1856	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Beijerinckiaceae	Methylobacterium-Methylorubrum
asv1857	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Ascidiaceihabitans
asv1858	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv1859	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
asv1860	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
asv1861	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Algimonas
asv1862	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
asv1863	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv1864	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv1865	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
asv1866	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv1867	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	Lentimicrobiaceae	Lentimicrobiaceae uc
asv1868	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv1869	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv1870	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
asv1871	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Puniceicoccaceae uc
asv1872	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
asv1873	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
asv1874	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv1875	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Fokiniaceae	MD3-55
asv1876	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
asv1877	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv1878	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Hydrogenophilaceae	Tepidiphilus
asv1879	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv1880	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv1881	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
asv1882	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv1883	Bacteria	Deinococcota	Deinococci	Thermales	Thermaceae	Thermus
asv1884	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv1885	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv1886	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv1887	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
asv1888	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ga0077536	Ga0077536 uc	Ga0077536 uc
asv1889	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Piscirickettsiales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Cand_Endoecteinascidia
asv1890	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv1891	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Chloroflexi uc	Chloroflexi uc	Chloroflexi uc	Chloroflexi uc
asv1892	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv1893	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv1894	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv1895	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
asv1896	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv1897	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv1898	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
asv1899	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv1900	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
asv1902	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
asv1903	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	P.palmC41	P.palmC41 uc	P.palmC41 uc
asv1904	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Piscirickettsiales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Cand_Endoecteinascidia
asv1905	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Spongiibacteraceae uc
asv1906	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv1907	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv1908	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	AB1	AB1 uc
asv1909	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
asv1910	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
asv1912	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Reyranellales	Reyranellaceae	Reyranella
asv1913	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	BD7-8	BD7-8 uc	BD7-8 uc
asv1914	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
asv1915	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
asv1916	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ga0077536	Ga0077536 uc	Ga0077536 uc
asv1917	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv1918	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv1919	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Pelagicoccus
asv1920	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv1921	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
asv1922	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter
asv1923	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
asv1924	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Microtrichaceae uc
asv1925	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv1926	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
asv1927	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
asv1928	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	JL-ETNP-F27
asv1930	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
asv1931	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter
asv1932	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingorhabdus
asv1933	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv1934	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv1935	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
asv1936	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv1937	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv1938	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv1939	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Micrococcaceae	Kocuria
asv1940	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Planktomarina
asv1941	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
asv1942	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv1944	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv1945	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv1946	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv1947	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Thiotrichaceae	Thiotrichaceae uc
asv1948	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
asv1949	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv1950	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
asv1952	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
asv1953	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv1954	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv1955	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv1956	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv1957	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
asv1958	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv1960	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aurantivirga
asv1961	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	P.palmC41	P.palmC41 uc	P.palmC41 uc
asv1962	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv1963	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv1964	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Planctomycetales uc	Planctomycetales uc
asv1965	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Formosa
asv1967	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Thiotrichaceae	Thiotrichaceae uc
asv1968	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv1969	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv1970	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv1971	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
asv1972	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv1973	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv1975	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv1976	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
asv1979	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingobium
asv1980	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv1981	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv1982	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv1983	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv1984	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
asv1985	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rubripirellula
asv1986	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
asv1988	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv1989	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
asv1990	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
asv1991	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv1993	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
asv1994	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv1995	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
asv1996	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv1997	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
asv1998	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Yoonia-Loktanella
asv1999	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv2000	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv2001	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv2003	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Luteolibacter
asv2004	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
asv2005	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
asv2006	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
asv2008	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv2009	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Halomonadaceae	Halomonas
asv2010	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	Cand_Puniceispirillum
asv2011	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv2012	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
asv2013	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
asv2014	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv2015	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Methylophagaceae	Methylophagaceae uc
asv2016	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv2017	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
asv2018	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Luteolibacter
asv2019	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv2020	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv2021	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
asv2022	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv2023	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc
asv2024	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
asv2025	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv2026	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	Puniceispirillales uc	Puniceispirillales uc
asv2027	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
asv2028	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv2029	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv2030	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
asv2031	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales uc	Rickettsiales uc
asv2032	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv2033	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
asv2034	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
asv2035	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
asv2036	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv2037	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Mycobacteriaceae	Mycobacterium
asv2039	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Sinobacterium
asv2040	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv2041	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	053A03-B-DI-P58	053A03-B-DI-P58 uc	053A03-B-DI-P58 uc
asv2042	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv2043	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv2044	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Pedosphaerales	Pedosphaeraceae	SCGC_AAA164-E04
asv2045	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Caulobacteraceae	Caulobacteraceae uc
asv2046	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv2047	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Tenderiales	Tenderiaceae	Cand_Tenderia
asv2048	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv2049	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Thermoleophilia	Solirubrobacterales	67-14	67-14 uc
asv2050	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv2051	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv2052	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv2053	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
asv2054	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Paraglaciecola
asv2055	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Marinifilaceae	Marinifilum
asv2056	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv2057	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv2058	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv2059	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter
asv2061	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv2062	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
asv2063	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv2065	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv2066	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
asv2067	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
asv2068	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv2069	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Rubinisphaeraceae	Rubinisphaeraceae uc
asv2070	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	JL-ETNP-F27
asv2071	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ectothiorhodospirales	Ectothiorhodospiraceae	Ectothiorhodospiraceae uc
asv2072	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
asv2073	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
asv2074	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Formosa
asv2075	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Urania-1B-19_marine_sediment_group
asv2076	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv2077	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	Cand_Puniceispirillum
asv2078	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv2079	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade III	SAR11 Clade III uc
asv2081	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Octadecabacter
asv2082	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv2083	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv2084	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv2085	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
asv2086	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv2087	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv2088	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	JL-ETNP-F27
asv2089	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv2090	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
asv2091	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Planktomarina
asv2092	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	Cand_Puniceispirillum
asv2093	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv2094	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
asv2095	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv2096	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
asv2097	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	028H05-P-BN-P5	028H05-P-BN-P5 uc	028H05-P-BN-P5 uc	028H05-P-BN-P5 uc
asv2098	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Vampirivibrionia	Obscuribacterales	Obscuribacteraceae	Obscuribacteraceae uc
asv2099	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv2100	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Albimonas
asv2101	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv2102	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv2103	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
asv2104	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
asv2106	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Allofrancisella
asv2107	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Ascidiaceihabitans
asv2108	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ga0077536	Ga0077536 uc	Ga0077536 uc
asv2109	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc
asv2110	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
asv2111	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv2113	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Aureispira
asv2114	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium
asv2115	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv2116	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv2117	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv2118	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv2119	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
asv2120	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv2121	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium
asv2122	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionaceae	Saccharophagus
asv2123	Bacteria	Hydrogenedentes	Hydrogenedentia	Hydrogenedentiales	Hydrogenedensaceae	Hydrogenedensaceae uc
asv2124	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv2125	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
asv2126	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
asv2127	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv2129	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
asv2130	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv2131	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
asv2132	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv2133	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv2134	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillaceae	Rhodospirillaceae uc
asv2135	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv2136	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiales_Incertae_Sedis	Bauldia
asv2137	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Psychromonadaceae	Psychromonas
asv2138	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv2139	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv2140	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv2141	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
asv2142	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
asv2143	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv2144	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	OM60(NOR5)
asv2145	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
asv2146	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv2147	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv2148	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv2149	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
asv2150	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
asv2151	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv2152	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv2153	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	Cand_Puniceispirillum
asv2154	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
asv2155	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
asv2156	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv2157	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv2158	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv2159	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
asv2160	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
asv2161	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionaceae	Micavibrionaceae uc
asv2162	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetes uc	Planctomycetes uc	Planctomycetes uc
asv2163	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Vibrionimonas
asv2164	Archaea	Halobacterota	Halobacteria	Halobacterales	Halomicrobiaceae	Halomicrobiaceae uc
asv2165	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Tenacibaculum
asv2166	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Saccharospirillaceae	Oleispira
asv2167	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
asv2168	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv2169	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Albimonas
asv2170	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	NAC11-7
asv2171	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Methylophagaceae	Methylophagaceae uc
asv2172	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
asv2173	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv2174	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
asv2175	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
asv2176	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv2177	Bacteria	AncK6	AncK6 uc	AncK6 uc	AncK6 uc	AncK6 uc
asv2178	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Rhodoferax
asv2179	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Actinomarinales	Actinomarinaceae	Cand_Actinomarina
asv2180	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS4
asv2181	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv2182	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv2183	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv2184	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
asv2185	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
asv2186	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv2187	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_5	Subgroup_5 uc	Subgroup_5 uc	Subgroup_5 uc
asv2188	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
asv2189	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Lewinella
asv2190	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
asv2191	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonadaceae uc
asv2192	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv2193	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv2194	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv2195	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv2196	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Acidovorax
asv2197	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv2198	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv2199	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Vampirivibrionia	Obscuribacterales	Obscuribacteraceae	Cand_Obscuribacter
asv2200	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Ascidiaceihabitans
asv2201	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv2202	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
asv2203	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halioglobus
asv2204	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv2205	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv2206	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv2207	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv2208	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
asv2209	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium
asv2210	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv2211	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv2212	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv2213	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
asv2214	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv2215	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
asv2216	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aurantivirga
asv2217	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv2218	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_21	Subgroup_21 uc	Subgroup_21 uc	Subgroup_21 uc
asv2219	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv2220	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv2221	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv2222	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Kordia
asv2223	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv2224	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Thalassobaculales	Nisaeaceae	OM75
asv2225	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv2226	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv2227	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv2228	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv2229	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
asv2230	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv2231	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	MWH-UniP1_aquatic_group	MWH-UniP1_aquatic_group uc
asv2232	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Dokdonia
asv2233	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
asv2234	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv2235	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv2236	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	Cand_Puniceispirillum
asv2237	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
asv2238	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv2239	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
asv2240	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halioglobus
asv2241	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv2243	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	Methylotenera
asv2244	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	Babeliales uc	Babeliales uc
asv2245	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv2246	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv2247	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv2248	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv2249	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
asv2250	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Piscirickettsiales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Cand_Endoecteinascidia
asv2251	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Ulvibacter
asv2252	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv2253	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv2254	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv2255	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacteraceae	Vicinamibacteraceae uc
asv2256	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
asv2257	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv2258	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv2259	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv2260	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Cognatiyoonia
asv2261	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	JL-ETNP-F27
asv2262	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv2263	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv2264	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv2265	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Marinicella
asv2266	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv2267	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv2268	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Oxalobacteraceae	Oxalobacteraceae uc
asv2269	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv2270	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv2271	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv2272	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacteraceae	Vicinamibacteraceae uc
asv2273	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv2274	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv2275	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Sediminicola
asv2276	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv2277	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	ML602J-51
asv2278	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv2279	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
asv2280	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv2282	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv2283	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
asv2284	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Ascidiaceihabitans
asv2285	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv2286	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisella
asv2287	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv2289	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv2290	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv2291	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv2292	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Caulobacteraceae	Brevundimonas
asv2293	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
asv2294	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
asv2295	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
asv2296	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv2297	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
asv2298	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv2299	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
asv2300	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
asv2301	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HgCo23	HgCo23 uc	HgCo23 uc
asv2302	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
asv2303	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Victivallales	Arctic95B-14	Arctic95B-14 uc
asv2304	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Halobacteriovorax
asv2305	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
asv2306	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Marine_Benthic_Group_A	Marine_Benthic_Group_A uc	Marine_Benthic_Group_A uc
asv2307	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
asv2308	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
asv2310	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
asv2311	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv2312	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv2313	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv2314	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
asv2315	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv2316	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
asv2317	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
asv2318	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
asv2319	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv2320	Bacteria	Hydrogenedentes	Hydrogenedentia	Hydrogenedentiales	Hydrogenedensaceae	Hydrogenedensaceae uc
asv2321	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv2322	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv2323	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	OM60(NOR5)
asv2324	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv2325	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv2326	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv2327	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
asv2328	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv2329	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Marivirga
asv2330	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aquimarina
asv2331	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
asv2332	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Idiomarinaceae	Idiomarina
asv2333	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
asv2334	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv2335	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	FS140-16B-02
asv2336	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv2337	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Weeksellaceae	Cloacibacterium
asv2338	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv2339	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv2340	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas
asv2341	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv2342	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	FS140-16B-02
asv2343	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomicaceae uc
asv2344	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
asv2345	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv2346	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
asv2347	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Anaerolineales	Anaerolineaceae	Anaerolineaceae uc
asv2348	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
asv2349	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv2350	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv2351	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
asv2352	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv2353	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv2354	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv2355	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv2356	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv2357	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv2358	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv2359	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavicella
asv2360	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv2361	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv2362	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv2363	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv2364	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	MBAE14	MBAE14 uc	MBAE14 uc
asv2365	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv2366	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv2368	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Aliivibrio
asv2369	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halioglobus
asv2370	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv2371	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv2372	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacteraceae	Vicinamibacteraceae uc
asv2373	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Hyphomicrobiaceae	Filomicrobium
asv2374	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
asv2375	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv2376	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv2377	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv2378	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
asv2379	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv2380	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HOC36	HOC36 uc	HOC36 uc
asv2381	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv2382	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv2383	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv2384	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv2385	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Chromatiales	Chromatiaceae	Cand_Thiobios
asv2386	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Saccharospirillaceae	Saccharospirillaceae uc
asv2387	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
asv2388	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aurantivirga
asv2389	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv2390	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv2391	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv2392	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Thiotrichaceae	Thiotrichaceae uc
asv2393	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv2395	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Allofrancisella
asv2396	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
asv2397	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Litoricolaceae	Litoricola
asv2398	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv2399	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv2400	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv2401	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv2402	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Puniceicoccaceae uc
asv2403	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv2404	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv2405	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	FS140-16B-02
asv2406	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv2407	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	JTB23	JTB23 uc	JTB23 uc
asv2409	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv2410	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
asv2411	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv2412	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Shimia
asv2413	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv2414	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
asv2415	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
asv2416	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv2417	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Urania-1B-19_marine_sediment_group
asv2418	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv2419	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv2420	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales uc	Rickettsiales uc
asv2421	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv2422	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv2424	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv2425	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
asv2426	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv2427	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv2428	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Xanthobacteraceae	Bradyrhizobium
asv2429	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv2430	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
asv2431	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv2432	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	FS140-16B-02
asv2433	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv2434	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv2436	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	0319-6G20	0319-6G20 uc	0319-6G20 uc
asv2437	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
asv2438	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
asv2439	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	Puniceispirillales uc	Puniceispirillales uc
asv2440	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
asv2441	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv2442	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv2443	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
asv2444	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv2445	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv2446	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv2447	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv2448	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Nannocystales	Nannocystaceae	Nannocystaceae uc
asv2449	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv2450	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv2451	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv2452	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacteraceae	Vicinamibacteraceae uc
asv2453	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv2454	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv2455	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv2456	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lutibacter
asv2457	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
asv2458	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Alcaligenaceae	Verticiella
asv2459	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Marinicella
asv2460	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv2462	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Vibrionimonas
asv2463	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv2464	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv2466	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	CL500-3
asv2467	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	P13-46	P13-46 uc
asv2468	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv2470	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
asv2471	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	P.palmC41	P.palmC41 uc	P.palmC41 uc
asv2472	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS4
asv2473	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
asv2474	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv2475	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv2476	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv2477	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv2478	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
asv2479	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv2480	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
asv2482	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv2483	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv2484	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	OM60(NOR5)
asv2486	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
asv2487	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
asv2488	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv2489	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv2490	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv2491	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv2492	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Ulvibacter
asv2493	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
asv2494	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv2495	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Cand_Megaira
asv2496	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv2497	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
asv2498	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv2499	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv2500	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv2501	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv2502	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	FS140-16B-02
asv2503	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
asv2504	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv2505	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaerales	Lentisphaeraceae	Lentisphaera
asv2506	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
asv2507	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
asv2508	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv2509	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv2510	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
asv2511	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Curvibacter
asv2512	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv2513	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv2514	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HOC36	HOC36 uc	HOC36 uc
asv2515	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Piscirickettsiales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Cand_Endoecteinascidia
asv2516	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv2517	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv2518	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	FS140-16B-02
asv2519	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv2520	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv2521	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv2522	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv2523	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv2524	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv2525	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv2526	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv2527	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Leifsonia
asv2528	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Marine_Benthic_Group_A	Marine_Benthic_Group_A uc	Marine_Benthic_Group_A uc
asv2529	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv2530	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv2531	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	JG30-KF-CM66	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc
asv2532	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv2533	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv2534	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
asv2535	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Planktomarina
asv2536	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
asv2538	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv2539	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv2540	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
asv2541	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
asv2542	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv2543	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv2544	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv2545	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
asv2546	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv2547	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv2548	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HgCo23	HgCo23 uc	HgCo23 uc
asv2550	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincola
asv2551	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Planktomarina
asv2552	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv2553	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv2554	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv2555	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Lentilitoribacter
asv2556	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv2557	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc
asv2558	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Nitrosococcaceae	Cm1-21
asv2559	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv2560	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
asv2561	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
asv2562	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
asv2563	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Lewinella
asv2564	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ga0077536	Ga0077536 uc	Ga0077536 uc
asv2565	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Dermacoccaceae	Dermacoccus
asv2566	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
asv2567	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla3_lineage	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc
asv2568	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
asv2569	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
asv2570	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv2571	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv2572	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv2573	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Paraglaciecola
asv2574	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
asv2575	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv2576	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
asv2577	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Curvibacter
asv2578	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv2579	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv2580	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Thermoleophilia	Gaiellales	Gaiellales uc	Gaiellales uc
asv2581	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv2582	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv2583	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Polyangiales	BIrii41	BIrii41 uc
asv2584	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium
asv2585	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
asv2587	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Marinicella
asv2588	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
asv2589	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv2590	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv2591	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv2592	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv2593	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
asv2594	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Planctomycetales uc	Planctomycetales uc
asv2595	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
asv2596	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvibaculales	OCS116	OCS116 uc
asv2597	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv2598	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	Babeliales uc	Babeliales uc
asv2599	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv2600	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv2602	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv2603	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv2605	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Spirosomaceae	Spirosomaceae uc
asv2607	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv2608	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionella
asv2609	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv2610	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Roseibacillus
asv2611	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv2612	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv2613	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv2614	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv2615	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Elsterales	Elsteraceae	Elsteraceae uc
asv2616	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
asv2617	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv2618	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv2619	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv2620	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv2621	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_21	Subgroup_21 uc	Subgroup_21 uc	Subgroup_21 uc
asv2622	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Blfdi19	Blfdi19 uc	Blfdi19 uc
asv2623	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
asv2624	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv2625	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv2626	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc
asv2627	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
asv2628	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Zavarziniales	Zavarziniales uc	Zavarziniales uc
asv2629	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
asv2630	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	JG30-KF-CM66	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc
asv2632	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv2633	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Polyangiales	BIrii41	BIrii41 uc
asv2634	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv2635	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv2636	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
asv2637	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Rhodothermia	Balneolales	Balneolaceae	Balneola
asv2638	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv2639	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv2640	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
asv2641	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv2642	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
asv2643	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Marinomonadaceae	Marinomonas
asv2644	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	NS11-12	NS11-12 uc
asv2645	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
asv2646	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv2647	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
asv2648	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
asv2649	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Chitinophagaceae uc
asv2650	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv2651	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv2652	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomicaceae uc
asv2653	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aurantivirga
asv2654	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv2655	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwelliaceae uc
asv2657	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv2658	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sneathiellales	Sneathiellaceae	Sneathiella
asv2659	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv2660	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv2661	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv2662	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Nitrosococcaceae	Nitrosococcaceae uc
asv2663	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv2664	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv2665	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
asv2666	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
asv2667	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	Cand_Puniceispirillum
asv2668	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
asv2669	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv2670	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Paracoccus
asv2671	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Variovorax
asv2672	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv2673	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv2674	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv2675	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv2676	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Dokdonia
asv2677	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv2678	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	JTB23	JTB23 uc	JTB23 uc
asv2679	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv2680	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv2681	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv2682	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ga0077536	Ga0077536 uc	Ga0077536 uc
asv2683	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv2684	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv2685	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv2686	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacteraceae	Vicinamibacteraceae uc
asv2687	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Nitrosococcaceae	Cm1-21
asv2688	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
asv2689	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Piscirickettsiales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Cand_Endoecteinascidia
asv2690	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv2691	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Xanthobacteraceae	Bradyrhizobium
asv2692	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv2693	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv2695	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv2696	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv2697	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Chloroflexi uc	Chloroflexi uc	Chloroflexi uc	Chloroflexi uc
asv2698	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv2699	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
asv2700	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv2701	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv2702	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv2703	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv2704	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
asv2705	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Microtrichaceae uc
asv2706	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv2707	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv2708	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Actinomarinales	Actinomarinaceae	Cand_Actinomarina
asv2709	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv2710	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
asv2711	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	Puniceispirillales uc	Puniceispirillales uc
asv2712	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
asv2713	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv2714	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv2715	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv2716	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Puniceicoccaceae uc
asv2717	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
asv2718	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv2719	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv2720	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
asv2721	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
asv2722	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv2723	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv2726	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv2727	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv2728	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
asv2729	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
asv2730	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv2732	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv2733	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Salinirepens
asv2734	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Thalassotalea
asv2735	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Rubritalea
asv2736	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	JG30-KF-CM66	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc
asv2737	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv2738	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv2739	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
asv2740	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv2741	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Saccharospirillaceae	Saccharospirillaceae uc
asv2742	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv2743	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Reyranellales	Reyranellaceae	Reyranella
asv2744	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv2745	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
asv2746	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
asv2747	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
asv2748	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
asv2749	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Amylibacter
asv2751	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HOC36	HOC36 uc	HOC36 uc
asv2752	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv2753	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv2754	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv2755	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv2756	Bacteria	Hydrogenedentes	Hydrogenedentia	Hydrogenedentiales	Hydrogenedensaceae	Hydrogenedensaceae uc
asv2757	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	CL500-3
asv2758	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv2759	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Methylococcales	Methylomonadaceae	Methyloprofundus
asv2760	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
asv2761	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv2762	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv2763	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
asv2764	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Tenderiales	Tenderiaceae	Cand_Tenderia
asv2765	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv2766	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv2767	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv2768	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv2769	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Planktomarina
asv2770	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv2771	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv2773	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv2775	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv2776	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv2777	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv2778	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv2779	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv2780	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv2781	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
asv2782	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
asv2783	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv2784	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Cyanobacteriia	Cyanobacteriia uc	Cyanobacteriia uc	Cyanobacteriia uc
asv2785	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
asv2786	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS3a
asv2787	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv2788	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv2790	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv2791	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv2792	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	BD7-11	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc
asv2793	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv2794	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
asv2795	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv2796	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv2797	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv2798	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv2799	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
asv2800	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Piscirickettsiales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Cand_Endoecteinascidia
asv2801	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv2802	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Ferruginibacter
asv2803	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Puniceicoccaceae uc
asv2804	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv2805	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv2806	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv2807	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Acidobacteriae	PAUC26f	PAUC26f uc	PAUC26f uc
asv2808	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	NS10
asv2809	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv2810	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
asv2811	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv2812	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv2814	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv2816	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv2817	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	JL-ETNP-F27
asv2818	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
asv2819	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv2820	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Arenicellales	Arenicellaceae	Arenicella
asv2821	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Roseibacillus
asv2822	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
asv2823	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv2824	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv2825	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
asv2826	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv2827	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
asv2828	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv2829	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	P0X4b2H11	P0X4b2H11 uc	P0X4b2H11 uc
asv2830	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
asv2831	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	Porticoccus
asv2832	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Psychrobium
asv2833	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Cyanobacteriia	Synechococcales	Cyanobiaceae	Synechococcus
asv2834	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
asv2835	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv2836	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
asv2837	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv2838	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv2839	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv2840	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
asv2841	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv2842	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	PeM15	PeM15 uc	PeM15 uc
asv2843	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
asv2844	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
asv2845	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv2846	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv2847	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv2848	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
asv2849	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
asv2850	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc
asv2851	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ga0077536	Ga0077536 uc	Ga0077536 uc
asv2852	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
asv2853	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
asv2854	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
asv2855	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv2856	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv2857	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv2858	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv2859	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	NAC11-7
asv2860	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv2861	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv2862	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella
asv2863	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv2864	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv2865	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv2866	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Verruc-01
asv2867	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade IV	SAR11 Clade IV uc
asv2868	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	CL500-3
asv2869	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
asv2870	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Profundimonas
asv2871	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv2872	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Arenicellales	Arenicellaceae	Arenicella
asv2873	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv2874	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv2875	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillales uc	Rhodospirillales uc
asv2876	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Staphylococcales	Staphylococcaceae	Staphylococcus
asv2877	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
asv2878	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv2879	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	JTB23	JTB23 uc	JTB23 uc
asv2880	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
asv2881	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv2882	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv2884	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
asv2885	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv2886	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv2887	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv2888	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv2889	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv2890	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halioglobus
asv2891	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacteraceae	Vicinamibacteraceae uc
asv2892	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv2893	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
asv2894	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacteraceae	Vicinamibacteraceae uc
asv2895	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
asv2896	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
asv2897	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv2898	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Amylibacter
asv2899	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv2900	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Haloferula
asv2901	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
asv2902	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
asv2903	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Planktomarina
asv2904	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Winogradskyella
asv2905	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv2906	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Marinobacteraceae	Marinobacter
asv2907	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	TK17	TK17 uc	TK17 uc	TK17 uc
asv2908	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Ascidiaceihabitans
asv2909	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Rubritalea
asv2910	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv2911	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Cand_Megaira
asv2912	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv2913	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv2914	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Nitrosomonadaceae	Nitrosomonas
asv2915	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Piscirickettsiales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Cand_Endoecteinascidia
asv2916	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv2917	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv2918	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv2920	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
asv2921	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv2922	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	Lentimicrobiaceae	Lentimicrobiaceae uc
asv2923	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HOC36	HOC36 uc	HOC36 uc
asv2924	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv2925	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
asv2926	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Cyanobacteriia	Synechococcales	Cyanobiaceae	Synechococcus
asv2927	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv2928	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv2929	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Halobacteriovorax
asv2930	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv2931	Bacteria	Campilobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Sulfurovaceae	Sulfurovum
asv2932	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Paraglaciecola
asv2933	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	NS10
asv2934	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Rubinisphaeraceae	Rubinisphaeraceae uc
asv2935	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv2936	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv2937	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
asv2938	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sneathiellales	Sneathiellaceae	Sneathiellaceae uc
asv2939	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SS1-B-07-19	SS1-B-07-19 uc	SS1-B-07-19 uc
asv2940	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv2941	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv2942	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriales uc	Flavobacteriales uc
asv2943	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium
asv2944	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Aquabacterium
asv2945	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
asv2946	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv2947	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv2948	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
asv2949	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv2951	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sneathiellales	Sneathiellaceae	Sneathiellaceae uc
asv2953	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv2954	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv2955	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Ulvibacter
asv2956	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv2957	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus
asv2958	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
asv2959	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv2960	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
asv2961	Bacteria	Patescibacteria	Gracilibacteria	Gracilibacteria uc	Gracilibacteria uc	Gracilibacteria uc
asv2962	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv2964	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Nitrosomonadaceae	IS-44
asv2965	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv2966	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Dasania
asv2967	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Lentibacter
asv2968	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorpha
asv2970	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv2971	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
asv2972	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Caulobacteraceae	Caulobacter
asv2973	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv2974	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sneathiellales	Sneathiellaceae	Sneathiella
asv2975	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv2976	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv2977	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv2978	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv2979	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Psychroflexus
asv2980	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv2981	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Kordia
asv2982	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
asv2983	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv2984	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Aquabacterium
asv2985	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Paracoccus
asv2986	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Amylibacter
asv2987	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionaceae	Micavibrionaceae uc
asv2988	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv2989	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Phyllobacterium
asv2990	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv2991	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
asv2992	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Sediminibacterium
asv2993	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv2994	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
asv2995	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Xanthobacteraceae	Bradyrhizobium
asv2996	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Planctomycetales uc	Planctomycetales uc
asv2997	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv2998	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Micrococcaceae	Micrococcus
asv2999	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	Methylotenera
asv3000	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	Porticoccus
asv3001	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Ascidiaceihabitans
asv3002	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
asv3003	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Microtrichaceae uc
asv3004	Archaea	Halobacterota	Halobacteria	Halobacterales	Halomicrobiaceae	Halomicrobiaceae uc
asv3005	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv3006	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv3007	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Thalassospiraceae	Thalassospira
asv3008	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Thiotrichaceae	Thiotrichaceae uc
asv3009	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
asv3010	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv3011	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv3012	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halioglobus
asv3013	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Marinobacterium
asv3014	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv3015	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Marinicella
asv3016	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv3018	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
asv3019	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Nitrosococcaceae	Cm1-21
asv3020	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Granulosicoccales	Granulosicoccaceae	Granulosicoccus
asv3021	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv3022	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Arenicellales	Arenicellaceae	Arenicella
asv3023	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Arenicellales	Arenicellaceae	Arenicella
asv3024	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HgCo23	HgCo23 uc	HgCo23 uc
asv3025	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Verruc-01
asv3026	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
asv3027	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	Cand_Puniceispirillum
asv3028	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Nitrosococcaceae	FS142-36B-02
asv3029	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter
asv3030	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
asv3031	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Marinicella
asv3032	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Stenotrophomonas
asv3034	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
asv3036	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv3037	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv3038	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Amylibacter
asv3039	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
asv3040	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv3041	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv3042	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade IV	SAR11 Clade IV uc
asv3043	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
asv3044	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Sediminibacterium
asv3045	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Shewanella
asv3046	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv3047	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv3048	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla3_lineage	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc
asv3049	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv3050	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv3051	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade IV	SAR11 Clade IV uc
asv3054	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv3055	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv3056	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lutibacter
asv3058	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv3059	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv3060	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Erythrobacter
asv3061	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv3062	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv3063	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv3064	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv3065	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv3066	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv3067	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv3068	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
asv3069	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv3070	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv3071	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv3072	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv3073	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv3074	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
asv3075	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Thalassobaculales	Nisaeaceae	OM75
asv3076	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv3077	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Moraxella
asv3078	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv3079	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
asv3080	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Planctomycetales uc	Planctomycetales uc
asv3081	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv3083	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv3084	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc
asv3085	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv3086	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv3088	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv3089	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	JL-ETNP-F27
asv3090	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv3091	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv3092	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorpha
asv3093	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv3094	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv3095	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Sediminibacterium
asv3096	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv3097	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Sediminibacterium
asv3098	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kordiimonadales	Kordiimonadales uc	Kordiimonadales uc
asv3099	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv3100	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	NS10
asv3101	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv3102	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Staphylococcales	Gemellaceae	Gemella
asv3103	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Nannocystales	Nannocystaceae	Nannocystaceae uc
asv3104	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter
asv3105	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
asv3106	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv3108	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvibaculales	OCS116	OCS116 uc
asv3109	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv3110	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
asv3111	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv3112	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaerales	Lentisphaeraceae	Lentisphaera
asv3113	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv3114	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
asv3115	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Altererythrobacter
asv3116	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_26	Subgroup_26 uc	Subgroup_26 uc	Subgroup_26 uc
asv3117	Bacteria	Nitrospirota	Nitrospiria	Nitrospirales	Nitrospiraceae	Nitrospira
asv3118	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv3120	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv3121	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv3122	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv3123	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales uc	Rickettsiales uc
asv3124	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	BD7-8	BD7-8 uc	BD7-8 uc
asv3125	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv3126	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Thalassospiraceae	Thalassospira
asv3127	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
asv3128	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium
asv3129	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Ulvibacter
asv3130	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
asv3131	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv3132	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv3133	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_26	Subgroup_26 uc	Subgroup_26 uc	Subgroup_26 uc
asv3134	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv3135	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Algoriphagus
asv3136	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv3137	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Cereibacter
asv3138	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv3139	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Ulvibacter
asv3140	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv3141	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
asv3142	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
asv3143	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
asv3144	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv3145	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus
asv3146	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
asv3147	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv3148	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv3149	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Photobacterium
asv3150	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv3151	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv3152	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Saccharospirillaceae	Saccharospirillaceae uc
asv3153	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
asv3154	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Cyanobacteriia	Synechococcales	Cyanobiaceae	Synechococcus
asv3155	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas
asv3156	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv3157	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv3158	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv3159	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Spongiibacteraceae uc
asv3160	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv3161	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv3162	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
asv3163	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
asv3164	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv3165	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
asv3166	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv3167	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aquibacter
asv3168	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Ascidiaceihabitans
asv3169	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
asv3170	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	MWH-UniP1_aquatic_group	MWH-UniP1_aquatic_group uc
asv3171	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Oxalobacteraceae	Collimonas
asv3172	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv3173	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv3174	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv3175	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
asv3176	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv3177	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv3178	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Paucibacter
asv3179	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv3180	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Paraglaciecola
asv3181	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
asv3182	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv3183	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
asv3184	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Halomonadaceae	Halomonas
asv3185	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv3186	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
asv3187	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS4
asv3188	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
asv3189	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv3190	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc
asv3191	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS4
asv3192	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
asv3193	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	NS11-12	NS11-12 uc
asv3194	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aquimarina
asv3195	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
asv3196	Bacteria	Campilobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Sulfurovaceae	Sulfurovum
asv3197	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv3198	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
asv3199	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv3200	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	Cand_Puniceispirillum
asv3201	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Polaromonas
asv3202	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Halobacteriovorax
asv3203	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv3204	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv3205	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter
asv3206	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv3207	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv3208	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv3209	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc
asv3210	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	P.palmC41	P.palmC41 uc	P.palmC41 uc
asv3211	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv3212	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv3213	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv3214	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
asv3215	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacteraceae	Luteitalea
asv3216	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv3218	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv3219	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv3220	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
asv3221	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	SM1A02
asv3222	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv3223	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv3224	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
asv3225	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv3226	Bacteria	Hydrogenedentes	Hydrogenedentia	Hydrogenedentiales	Hydrogenedensaceae	Hydrogenedensaceae uc
asv3227	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv3228	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv3229	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv3230	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv3232	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv3233	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
asv3235	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
asv3237	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv3238	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobulbia	Desulfobulbales	Desulfobulbaceae	Desulfobulbaceae uc
asv3239	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv3240	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Vampirivibrionia	Obscuribacterales	Obscuribacteraceae	Cand_Obscuribacter
asv3241	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv3242	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv3243	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv3244	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv3245	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv3246	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv3247	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lutimonas
asv3248	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Maricaulis
asv3249	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	NS10
asv3250	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sedimentitalea
asv3251	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
asv3252	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Maricaulis
asv3253	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Paracoccus
asv3254	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv3255	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Flammeovirgaceae	Flammeovirgaceae uc
asv3256	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv3257	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
asv3258	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv3259	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
asv3260	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv3261	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv3262	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv3263	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
asv3264	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv3266	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv3267	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv3268	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv3269	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
asv3270	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
asv3271	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
asv3272	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv3273	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HOC36	HOC36 uc	HOC36 uc
asv3274	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv3275	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv3276	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv3277	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv3278	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Arenicellales	Arenicellaceae	Arenicella
asv3279	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Coraliomargarita
asv3281	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
asv3282	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv3283	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv3284	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv3285	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
asv3286	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Zhongshania
asv3288	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
asv3289	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv3290	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvibaculales	PS1	PS1 uc
asv3291	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	Lentimicrobiaceae	Lentimicrobiaceae uc
asv3292	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv3293	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas
asv3294	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas
asv3295	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
asv3296	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv3298	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	NAC11-7
asv3299	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Kordia
asv3300	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv3301	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv3302	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv3303	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
asv3304	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
asv3305	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kordiimonadales	Kordiimonadales uc	Kordiimonadales uc
asv3306	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv3307	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv3308	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv3309	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv3310	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv3311	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv3312	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
asv3313	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
asv3314	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Sediminibacterium
asv3315	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiales_Incertae_Sedis	Alsobacter
asv3316	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionales uc	Micavibrionales uc
asv3318	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv3319	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
asv3320	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	BD7-8	BD7-8 uc	BD7-8 uc
asv3321	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv3322	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv3323	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisella
asv3324	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
asv3325	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Actinomarinales	Actinomarinaceae	Cand_Actinomarina
asv3326	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionales uc	Micavibrionales uc
asv3327	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
asv3328	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halieaceae uc
asv3329	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv3330	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Photobacterium
asv3331	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
asv3332	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
asv3333	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv3334	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv3335	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv3336	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv3337	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Cyanobacteriia	Synechococcales	Cyanobiaceae	Synechococcus
asv3338	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv3339	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
asv3340	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv3341	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	Methylotenera
asv3342	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv3343	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Thalassotalea
asv3344	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv3345	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
asv3346	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
asv3347	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
asv3348	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv3349	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv3350	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Polaromonas
asv3351	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv3352	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
asv3353	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv3354	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Thiotrichaceae	Cocleimonas
asv3355	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
asv3356	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Opitutaceae	Opitutaceae uc
asv3357	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium_sensu_stricto_13
asv3358	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
asv3359	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv3360	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Thermicanales	Thermicanaceae	Thermicanus
asv3361	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv3362	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv3363	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv3364	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
asv3365	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
asv3366	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv3367	Bacteria	Myxococcota	bacteriap25	bacteriap25 uc	bacteriap25 uc	bacteriap25 uc
asv3368	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
asv3369	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingorhabdus
asv3370	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv3371	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv3372	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv3373	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv3374	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Xanthobacteraceae	Bradyrhizobium
asv3375	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv3376	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv3377	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	0319-6G20	0319-6G20 uc	0319-6G20 uc
asv3378	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv3379	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv3380	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiales uc	Rhizobiales uc
asv3381	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv3382	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv3383	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
asv3384	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv3385	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv3386	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Aureispira
asv3387	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
asv3390	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Schlegelella
asv3392	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
asv3393	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv3394	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
asv3395	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv3396	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
asv3397	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Pedosphaerales	Pedosphaeraceae	SCGC_AAA164-E04
asv3399	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Oleiphilaceae	Oleiphilus
asv3400	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv3401	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv3402	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Spongiibacteraceae uc
asv3404	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv3405	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
asv3406	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Aureispira
asv3408	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv3409	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
asv3410	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade IV	SAR11 Clade IV uc
asv3411	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv3413	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv3415	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
asv3416	Bacteria	Schekmanbacteria	Schekmanbacteria uc	Schekmanbacteria uc	Schekmanbacteria uc	Schekmanbacteria uc
asv3417	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Algoriphagus
asv3418	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
asv3419	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv3420	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Nitrosococcaceae	Cm1-21
asv3421	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv3422	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc
asv3423	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv3424	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv3425	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lutibacter
asv3426	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rubripirellula
asv3427	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aurantivirga
asv3428	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfarculia	Desulfarculales	Desulfarculaceae	Dethiosulfatarculus
asv3429	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Dokdonia
asv3430	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc
asv3431	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv3432	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv3434	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Arenimonas
asv3435	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
asv3437	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv3438	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
asv3439	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
asv3440	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
asv3441	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv3442	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv3443	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Psychroflexus
asv3444	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv3445	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
asv3446	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv3447	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Gillisia
asv3448	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv3449	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
asv3451	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv3452	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv3453	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Ascidiaceihabitans
asv3454	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv3456	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
asv3457	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Pseudofulvibacter
asv3458	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	Woesearchaeales uc	Woesearchaeales uc
asv3459	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
asv3460	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Aliivibrio
asv3461	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Rubritalea
asv3462	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
asv3463	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
asv3464	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv3465	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv3466	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Planktotalea
asv3468	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
asv3469	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
asv3470	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv3471	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv3472	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv3473	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv3474	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv3475	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv3476	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv3477	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Cyanobacteriia	Cyanobacteriia uc	Cyanobacteriia uc	Cyanobacteriia uc
asv3478	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv3479	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv3480	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Actinomarinales	Actinomarinales uc	Actinomarinales uc
asv3481	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Leuconostocaceae	Leuconostoc
asv3482	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv3483	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla3_lineage	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc
asv3484	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
asv3485	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	JG30-KF-CM66	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc
asv3486	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Micrococcaceae	Arthrobacter
asv3487	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv3488	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Porphyromonadaceae	Porphyromonas
asv3489	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv3490	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv3491	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionaceae	Micavibrionaceae uc
asv3492	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
asv3493	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv3494	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv3495	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv3496	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
asv3497	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv3498	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
asv3499	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv3500	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas
asv3501	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
asv3502	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv3503	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Xanthobacteraceae	Bradyrhizobium
asv3504	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Delftia
asv3505	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
asv3506	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv3507	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionellaceae uc
asv3509	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
asv3510	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	SM1A02
asv3511	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv3512	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv3513	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	JG30-KF-CM66	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc
asv3514	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv3515	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv3516	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv3519	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
asv3521	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	S25-593	S25-593 uc
asv3522	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
asv3523	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv3524	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv3526	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
asv3527	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
asv3529	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
asv3530	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	Lentimicrobiaceae	Lentimicrobiaceae uc
asv3531	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
asv3532	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Schleiferiaceae	Schleiferia
asv3533	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv3534	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Yersiniaceae	Yersinia
asv3535	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv3536	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv3537	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	Cand_Puniceispirillum
asv3538	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc
asv3539	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv3540	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
asv3541	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
asv3542	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv3543	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
asv3544	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Psychromonadaceae	Psychromonas
asv3545	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv3546	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv3547	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Ilumatobacteraceae	Ilumatobacter
asv3548	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Litoricolaceae	Litoricola
asv3549	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Xanthobacteraceae	Azorhizobium
asv3550	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv3551	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv3552	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv3553	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	CL500-3
asv3554	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
asv3555	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
asv3556	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
asv3557	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Acetobacterales	Acetobacteraceae	Roseomonas
asv3558	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
asv3559	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
asv3560	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv3561	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv3562	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv3563	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv3565	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
asv3566	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Novosphingobium
asv3567	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
asv3568	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
asv3569	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv3570	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv3571	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
asv3572	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
asv3573	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv3574	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
asv3575	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv3576	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
asv3577	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Moraxella
asv3578	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
asv3579	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Bradymonadales	Bradymonadales uc	Bradymonadales uc
asv3581	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv3582	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
asv3583	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv3584	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Congregibacter
asv3585	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group uc	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group uc	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group uc
asv3586	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Verruc-01
asv3587	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
asv3588	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	BD7-11	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc
asv3589	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Psychrobium
asv3590	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv3591	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv3592	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv3593	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	Cand_Puniceispirillum
asv3594	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
asv3595	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Saccharospirillaceae	Thalassolituus
asv3597	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv3598	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Thiotrichaceae	Thiotrichaceae uc
asv3599	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv3600	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv3601	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS4
asv3602	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv3603	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Haloferula
asv3604	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
asv3605	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv3606	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv3607	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv3608	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
asv3609	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv3610	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
asv3611	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
asv3613	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
asv3614	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
asv3615	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv3616	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv3617	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv3619	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
asv3620	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv3621	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
asv3622	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv3624	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Thermicanales	Thermicanaceae	Thermicanus
asv3625	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Tepidimonas
asv3626	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv3627	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv3628	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
asv3629	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
asv3630	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv3631	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Hyphomonadaceae uc
asv3632	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv3633	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv3634	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Methyloligellaceae	Methyloceanibacter
asv3635	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv3636	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
asv3637	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv3638	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv3639	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Spongiibacteraceae uc
asv3640	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv3641	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
asv3642	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
asv3643	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv3644	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv3645	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	MWH-UniP1_aquatic_group	MWH-UniP1_aquatic_group uc
asv3646	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv3647	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Bythopirellula
asv3648	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv3649	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Marinifilaceae	Marinifilum
asv3650	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvibaculales	OCS116	OCS116 uc
asv3651	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv3652	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv3653	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Acidobacteriae	PAUC26f	PAUC26f uc	PAUC26f uc
asv3654	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	CL500-3
asv3655	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Salinisphaerales	Salinisphaeraceae	Salinisphaera
asv3656	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aurantivirga
asv3657	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv3659	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aurantivirga
asv3660	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Shinella
asv3661	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv3662	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv3663	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halioglobus
asv3664	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv3665	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv3666	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
asv3667	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv3668	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiales_Incertae_Sedis	Anderseniella
asv3669	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	CL500-3
asv3670	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
asv3671	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	BD7-11	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc
asv3672	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Methylophagaceae	Methylophagaceae uc
asv3673	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
asv3674	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv3675	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
asv3676	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv3677	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv3679	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv3680	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Sva1033	Sva1033 uc	Sva1033 uc
asv3681	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv3682	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv3683	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Marine_Benthic_Group_A	Marine_Benthic_Group_A uc	Marine_Benthic_Group_A uc
asv3684	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriales uc	Flavobacteriales uc
asv3685	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
asv3686	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv3687	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
asv3688	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv3689	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	JL-ETNP-F27
asv3690	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv3691	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv3692	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv3693	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv3694	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv3695	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv3696	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
asv3697	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
asv3698	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv3699	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv3700	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv3701	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv3702	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv3703	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv3704	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv3705	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
asv3706	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv3707	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv3708	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv3709	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv3710	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
asv3711	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv3712	Bacteria	Dadabacteria	Dadabacteriia	Dadabacteriales	Dadabacteriales uc	Dadabacteriales uc
asv3713	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv3714	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv3715	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HOC36	HOC36 uc	HOC36 uc
asv3716	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv3717	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS4
asv3718	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv3719	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Rhizobiaceae uc
asv3720	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Actinomarinales	Actinomarinaceae	Cand_Actinomarina
asv3721	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
asv3722	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
asv3723	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SZB50	SZB50 uc	SZB50 uc
asv3724	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
asv3725	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
asv3726	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
asv3727	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv3728	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv3730	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
asv3731	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	Cand_Puniceispirillum
asv3732	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv3733	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv3734	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
asv3735	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv3736	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaerales	Lentisphaeraceae	Lentisphaera
asv3737	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaeria uc	Lentisphaeria uc	Lentisphaeria uc
asv3738	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv3739	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
asv3740	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv3741	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Flammeovirgaceae	Flammeovirgaceae uc
asv3743	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
asv3744	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv3745	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv3746	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv3747	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Psychrobium
asv3748	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv3749	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv3750	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv3751	Bacteria	Dadabacteria	Dadabacteriia	Dadabacteriales	Dadabacteriales uc	Dadabacteriales uc
asv3752	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Planktomarina
asv3753	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv3754	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv3755	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv3756	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisella
asv3757	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv3758	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv3759	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv3760	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
asv3761	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Novosphingobium
asv3762	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Polyangiales	Sandaracinaceae	Sandaracinaceae uc
asv3763	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
asv3764	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
asv3765	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv3766	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
asv3767	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv3768	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv3769	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv3770	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv3771	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
asv3772	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv3773	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
asv3774	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Staphylococcales	Staphylococcaceae	Staphylococcus
asv3775	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Alteromonas
asv3776	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv3777	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
asv3778	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv3779	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv3780	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Zavarziniales	Zavarziniales uc	Zavarziniales uc
asv3782	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv3783	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas
asv3784	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Altererythrobacter
asv3785	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Thalassobaculales	Nisaeaceae	OM75
asv3786	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
asv3788	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
asv3789	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionaceae	Micavibrionaceae uc
asv3790	Bacteria	RCP2-54	RCP2-54 uc	RCP2-54 uc	RCP2-54 uc	RCP2-54 uc
asv3791	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv3792	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Opitutaceae	Opitutaceae uc
asv3793	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv3795	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaerales	Lentisphaeraceae	Lentisphaera
asv3796	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv3797	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
asv3798	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv3799	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
asv3800	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
asv3801	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionaceae	Maricurvus
asv3802	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv3803	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
asv3805	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc
asv3806	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionaceae	Cellvibrionaceae uc
asv3807	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv3808	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv3809	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv3810	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
asv3811	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Paracoccus
asv3812	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv3813	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv3814	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Aureimonas
asv3815	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv3816	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	JTB23	JTB23 uc	JTB23 uc
asv3817	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv3818	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
asv3819	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv3820	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Bythopirellula
asv3821	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv3822	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv3823	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Caulobacteraceae	Caulobacteraceae uc
asv3824	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
asv3825	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv3826	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Ulvibacter
asv3827	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv3828	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Enterobacteriaceae	Citrobacter
asv3830	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
asv3831	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Roseibacillus
asv3832	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
asv3833	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv3835	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv3836	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
asv3837	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Algicola
asv3838	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
asv3839	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ga0077536	Ga0077536 uc	Ga0077536 uc
asv3840	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Rhodothermia	Balneolales	Balneolaceae	Balneola
asv3841	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	NS10
asv3842	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Amylibacter
asv3843	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter
asv3844	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Ascidiaceihabitans
asv3845	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas
asv3846	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv3847	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv3848	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv3849	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
asv3850	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv3851	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium
asv3852	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas
asv3854	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv3855	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv3856	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Planococcaceae	Chungangia
asv3857	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv3858	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv3859	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	BD7-11	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc
asv3860	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Arenicellales	Arenicellaceae	Arenicella
asv3861	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv3862	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv3863	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
asv3864	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionaceae	Cellvibrionaceae uc
asv3865	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Mycoplasmatales	Mycoplasmataceae	Mycoplasma
asv3866	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Ferruginibacter
asv3867	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv3868	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv3869	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	Methylotenera
asv3870	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv3871	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv3872	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv3873	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
asv3874	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Beijerinckiaceae	Methylobacterium-Methylorubrum
asv3875	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv3876	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas
asv3879	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv3880	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	JL-ETNP-F27
asv3881	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	JG30-KF-CM66	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc
asv3882	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv3883	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
asv3884	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
asv3885	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Cand_Megaira
asv3886	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
asv3887	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv3888	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv3889	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv3890	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv3891	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Pseudoxanthomonas
asv3892	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv3893	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	CL500-3
asv3894	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
asv3895	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv3896	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv3898	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Aureispira
asv3899	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aurantivirga
asv3900	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
asv3902	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Ochrobactrum
asv3903	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
asv3904	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv3905	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv3906	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv3907	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	S25-593	S25-593 uc
asv3908	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv3909	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv3910	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv3911	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	Cand_Puniceispirillum
asv3912	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter
asv3914	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
asv3915	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade III	SAR11 Clade III uc
asv3916	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
asv3917	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv3918	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv3919	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv3920	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
asv3921	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	OM60(NOR5)
asv3922	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
asv3923	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Yoonia-Loktanella
asv3924	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Amylibacter
asv3925	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Planktomarina
asv3926	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv3927	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv3928	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv3929	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Comamonadaceae uc
asv3930	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv3931	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv3932	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv3933	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kiloniellales	Kiloniellaceae	Kiloniellaceae uc
asv3934	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
asv3935	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv3936	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv3937	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv3938	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
asv3939	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv3940	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv3941	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HOC36	HOC36 uc	HOC36 uc
asv3942	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv3943	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv3944	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv3945	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv3946	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Yoonia-Loktanella
asv3947	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus
asv3948	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv3949	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionellaceae uc
asv3950	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
asv3951	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
asv3952	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv3953	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv3954	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv3955	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv3956	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv3957	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv3958	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv3959	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv3960	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Ilumatobacteraceae	Ilumatobacter
asv3961	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
asv3962	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	Cand_Puniceispirillum
asv3963	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium
asv3964	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv3966	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
asv3967	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Thalassobaculales	Nisaeaceae	OM75
asv3968	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv3969	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
asv3970	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv3971	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv3972	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv3973	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv3974	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Rubritalea
asv3975	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv3976	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv3977	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Reyranellales	Reyranellaceae	Reyranella
asv3978	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv3979	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Entomoplasmatales	Entomoplasmatales_Incertae_Sedis	Cand_Hepatoplasma
asv3980	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv3981	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv3982	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
asv3983	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv3984	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
asv3985	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv3986	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Saccharospirillaceae	Saccharospirillaceae uc
asv3987	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv3988	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv3989	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Beijerinckiaceae	Methylobacterium-Methylorubrum
asv3990	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Ascidiaceihabitans
asv3991	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv3992	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionella
asv3993	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Thalassotalea
asv3994	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv3995	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Lentilitoribacter
asv3996	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Spongiibacter
asv3997	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv3998	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS4
asv3999	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter
asv4000	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv4001	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv4002	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv4003	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv4004	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
asv4006	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv4007	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv4008	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Rhodothermia	Rhodothermales	Rhodothermaceae	Rubrivirga
asv4009	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
asv4010	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Fulvivirga
asv4011	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv4012	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv4013	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv4014	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
asv4015	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv4016	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv4017	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
asv4018	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv4020	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Ascidiaceihabitans
asv4021	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
asv4022	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Psychrobium
asv4023	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
asv4024	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
asv4025	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv4026	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
asv4027	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
asv4028	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
asv4029	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv4031	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv4032	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Marinicella
asv4033	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv4034	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv4035	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
asv4036	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Tenacibaculum
asv4037	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv4038	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv4039	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
asv4040	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv4041	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS4
asv4042	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Robiginitomaculum
asv4043	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
asv4044	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS2b
asv4045	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv4046	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Hellea
asv4047	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv4048	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Thermoleophilia	Gaiellales	Gaiellales uc	Gaiellales uc
asv4049	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv4050	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv4051	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Polyangiales	Sandaracinaceae	Sandaracinaceae uc
asv4052	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv4053	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwelliaceae uc
asv4054	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv4055	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv4056	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Cyanobacteriia	Synechococcales	Cyanobiaceae	Synechococcus
asv4057	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
asv4058	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
asv4059	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
asv4060	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
asv4061	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv4062	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Beijerinckiaceae	Methylobacterium-Methylorubrum
asv4063	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Mycobacteriaceae	Mycobacterium
asv4065	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus
asv4066	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv4067	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv4068	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas
asv4070	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv4072	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
asv4073	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
asv4074	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv4075	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv4076	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv4077	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv4078	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacteraceae	Vicinamibacteraceae uc
asv4080	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla3_lineage	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc
asv4081	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
asv4082	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Fabibacter
asv4083	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv4084	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Shewanella
asv4085	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv4086	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
asv4087	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
asv4088	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv4089	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
asv4090	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
asv4091	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	AB1	AB1 uc
asv4092	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv4093	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
asv4094	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Aliivibrio
asv4095	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
asv4096	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv4097	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
asv4098	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
asv4099	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
asv4100	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv4101	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	JTB23	JTB23 uc	JTB23 uc
asv4102	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
asv4103	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv4104	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv4105	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
asv4106	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv4107	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv4108	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
asv4109	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
asv4110	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv4111	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	Babeliales uc	Babeliales uc
asv4112	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv4113	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionaceae	Micavibrionaceae uc
asv4114	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
asv4115	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
asv4116	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv4117	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
asv4118	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv4119	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Xanthobacteraceae	Afipia
asv4120	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	MBAE14	MBAE14 uc	MBAE14 uc
asv4121	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv4122	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv4123	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv4124	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
asv4125	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
asv4126	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv4127	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Pseudorhodobacter
asv4128	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HOC36	HOC36 uc	HOC36 uc
asv4129	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
asv4130	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv4132	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv4133	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv4134	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Weeksellaceae	Chryseobacterium
asv4135	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv4136	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Fulvivirga
asv4137	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv4138	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv4139	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv4140	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv4141	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Marinicella
asv4142	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	P13-46	P13-46 uc
asv4143	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
asv4144	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv4145	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv4146	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Thalassobaculales	Nisaeaceae	OM75
asv4147	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	S25-593	S25-593 uc
asv4148	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv4149	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Psychrobium
asv4150	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv4151	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
asv4152	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Arenicellales	Arenicellaceae	Arenicella
asv4153	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv4154	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Staphylococcales	Staphylococcaceae	Macrococcus
asv4156	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv4157	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv4159	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
asv4160	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv4161	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv4162	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv4164	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv4165	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
asv4166	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
asv4167	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
asv4168	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaerales	Lentisphaeraceae	Lentisphaera
asv4169	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv4170	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Halobacteriovorax
asv4171	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv4172	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv4173	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv4174	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv4175	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
asv4176	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv4177	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS3a
asv4178	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv4179	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	AT-s2-59	AT-s2-59 uc	AT-s2-59 uc
asv4180	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kiloniellales	Kiloniellaceae	Kiloniellaceae uc
asv4181	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv4182	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv4183	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv4184	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaerales	Lentisphaeraceae	Lentisphaera
asv4185	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	JTB23	JTB23 uc	JTB23 uc
asv4186	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv4187	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
asv4188	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv4189	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionaceae	Micavibrionaceae uc
asv4190	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv4191	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv4192	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Glaciecola
asv4193	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
asv4194	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Microbacterium
asv4195	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
asv4196	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv4197	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas
asv4199	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv4200	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
asv4201	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv4202	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
asv4203	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv4204	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv4205	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv4206	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
asv4207	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv4208	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Entomoplasmatales	Entomoplasmatales_Incertae_Sedis	Cand_Hepatoplasma
asv4209	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv4210	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
asv4211	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv4212	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv4213	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Oleiphilaceae	Oleiphilus
asv4214	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv4215	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
asv4216	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv4217	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
asv4218	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv4219	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
asv4220	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv4221	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv4222	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv4223	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Hydrogenophaga
asv4224	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv4225	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv4226	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv4227	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	Puniceispirillales uc	Puniceispirillales uc
asv4228	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
asv4229	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmata_or	Thermoplasmata_fa	Marine_Group_III
asv4230	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv4231	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Xanthobacteraceae	Afipia
asv4232	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv4233	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
asv4234	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
asv4237	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv4238	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvibaculales	Parvibaculaceae	Mf105b01
asv4239	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv4240	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Marinomonadaceae	Marinomonas
asv4241	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv4242	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv4243	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv4244	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv4245	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_26	Subgroup_26 uc	Subgroup_26 uc	Subgroup_26 uc
asv4247	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
asv4248	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Roseibacillus
asv4249	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
asv4250	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv4251	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv4252	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
asv4253	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
asv4254	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv4255	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
asv4256	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Cand_Cryptoprodotis
asv4257	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
asv4258	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
asv4259	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv4260	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lutibacter
asv4261	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv4262	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv4263	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
asv4264	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv4265	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus
asv4266	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv4267	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv4268	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv4270	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade IV	SAR11 Clade IV uc
asv4271	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	JG30-KF-CM66	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc
asv4272	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
asv4273	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Aureispira
asv4274	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv4275	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Profundimonas
asv4276	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Marinobacteraceae	Marinobacter
asv4277	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Beijerinckiaceae	Methylobacterium-Methylorubrum
asv4278	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv4279	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv4280	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv4281	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
asv4282	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv4283	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv4284	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
asv4285	Bacteria	Myxococcota	bacteriap25	bacteriap25 uc	bacteriap25 uc	bacteriap25 uc
asv4286	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv4287	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
asv4288	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv4289	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv4290	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
asv4291	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv4292	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv4293	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv4294	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv4295	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv4296	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv4297	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv4298	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionaceae	Cellvibrionaceae uc
asv4299	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Heliimonas
asv4300	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Spirosomaceae	Taeseokella
asv4301	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Arcticiflavibacter
asv4302	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Fokiniaceae	MD3-55
asv4303	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Paracaedibacterales	Paracaedibacteraceae	Paracaedibacteraceae uc
asv4304	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Actinomarinales	Actinomarinaceae	Cand_Actinomarina
asv4305	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
asv4306	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
asv4307	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
asv4309	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aquibacter
asv4310	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
asv4311	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv4312	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Allorhizobium-Neorhizobium-Pararhizobium-Rhizobium
asv4313	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv4314	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv4315	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv4316	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv4317	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv4318	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv4319	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
asv4320	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas
asv4321	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Aureispira
asv4323	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv4324	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
asv4325	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
asv4327	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Caulobacteraceae	Brevundimonas
asv4328	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
asv4329	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvibaculales	PS1	PS1 uc
asv4330	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv4331	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv4332	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillaceae	Rhodospirillaceae uc
asv4333	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
asv4334	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv4335	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv4337	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv4338	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	Cand_Puniceispirillum
asv4339	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Shewanella
asv4340	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Nitrosococcaceae	Cm1-21
asv4342	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv4343	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv4344	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Bradymonadales	Bradymonadales uc	Bradymonadales uc
asv4345	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
asv4346	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter
asv4347	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lutimonas
asv4348	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv4349	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
asv4350	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla3_lineage	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc
asv4351	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Caldilineales	Caldilineaceae	Caldilineaceae uc
asv4352	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwelliaceae uc
asv4353	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv4354	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
asv4355	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv4356	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv4357	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv4358	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv4359	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv4360	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv4361	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Staphylococcales	Staphylococcaceae	Staphylococcus
asv4362	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Xanthobacteraceae	Pseudolabrys
asv4363	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv4364	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv4365	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv4366	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
asv4367	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv4368	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv4369	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
asv4371	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
asv4372	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv4373	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv4374	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
asv4375	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv4376	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	SM2D12	SM2D12 uc
asv4378	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
asv4379	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
asv4380	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv4381	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
asv4382	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales uc	Rickettsiales uc
asv4383	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Hydrotalea
asv4384	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Alcanivoracaceae1	Alcanivorax
asv4385	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv4386	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Beijerinckiaceae	Methylobacterium-Methylorubrum
asv4387	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Oxalobacteraceae	Herbaspirillum
asv4388	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv4389	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv4390	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Ascidiaceihabitans
asv4391	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Blfdi19	Blfdi19 uc	Blfdi19 uc
asv4392	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Psychroserpens
asv4393	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Rubinisphaeraceae	Rubinisphaeraceae uc
asv4395	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv4396	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Fulvivirga
asv4397	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv4398	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
asv4399	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Paraglaciecola
asv4400	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv4401	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv4402	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Tepidimonas
asv4403	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
asv4404	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc
asv4405	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv4406	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv4407	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	P9X2b3D02	P9X2b3D02 uc	P9X2b3D02 uc	P9X2b3D02 uc
asv4408	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
asv4409	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv4410	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Paraglaciecola
asv4411	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv4412	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisella
asv4413	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv4414	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv4415	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
asv4416	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv4417	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv4418	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aurantivirga
asv4419	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
asv4420	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv4421	Bacteria	Dadabacteria	Dadabacteriia	Dadabacteriales	Dadabacteriales uc	Dadabacteriales uc
asv4422	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
asv4423	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv4424	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv4425	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kordiimonadales	Kordiimonadaceae	Kordiimonas
asv4426	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv4427	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv4428	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Aminobacter
asv4429	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv4430	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv4431	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Rhodoferax
asv4432	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv4433	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv4434	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv4435	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lutibacter
asv4436	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
asv4437	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv4438	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HOC36	HOC36 uc	HOC36 uc
asv4439	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Nitrosomonadaceae	Nitrosomonas
asv4440	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv4441	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus
asv4442	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv4443	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv4444	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	Cand_Puniceispirillum
asv4445	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv4446	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade IV	SAR11 Clade IV uc
asv4447	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv4448	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv4449	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Robiginitomaculum
asv4450	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaerales	Lentisphaeraceae	Lentisphaera
asv4451	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv4452	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv4454	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv4455	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
asv4456	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv4457	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv4458	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
asv4459	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Ulvibacter
asv4460	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	NS10
asv4462	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv4463	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
asv4464	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv4465	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv4466	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
asv4467	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Paraglaciecola
asv4468	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv4469	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv4470	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv4471	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv4472	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Marinifilaceae	Marinifilum
asv4473	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv4474	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
asv4475	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
asv4476	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv4477	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
asv4478	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Pectobacteriaceae	Pectobacteriaceae uc
asv4479	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter
asv4480	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv4481	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv4482	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Rhodothermia	Rhodothermales	Rhodothermaceae	Rubrivirga
asv4483	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
asv4484	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv4485	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
asv4486	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv4487	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv4488	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv4489	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
asv4490	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv4491	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv4492	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv4493	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv4494	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
asv4495	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter
asv4496	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Cerasicoccus
asv4497	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
asv4498	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
asv4499	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Amylibacter
asv4500	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv4501	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiales_Incertae_Sedis	Phreatobacter
asv4502	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ga0077536	Ga0077536 uc	Ga0077536 uc
asv4503	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv4504	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Amylibacter
asv4505	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
asv4506	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv4507	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv4508	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv4509	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv4510	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv4511	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv4512	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv4515	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
asv4516	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Mesorhizobium
asv4517	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
asv4519	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
asv4520	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Kangiellaceae	Aliikangiella
asv4521	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
asv4522	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv4523	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv4524	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv4525	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv4526	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv4527	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv4528	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	P13-46	P13-46 uc
asv4529	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	SM1A02
asv4530	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv4531	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv4532	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Saccharospirillaceae	Saccharospirillaceae uc
asv4533	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	JG30-KF-CM66	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc
asv4534	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
asv4535	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv4536	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HgCo23	HgCo23 uc	HgCo23 uc
asv4537	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
asv4538	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
asv4539	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Nannocystales	Nannocystaceae	Nannocystaceae uc
asv4541	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Caulobacteraceae	Brevundimonas
asv4542	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv4543	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
asv4544	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
asv4545	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Planctomycetales uc	Planctomycetales uc
asv4546	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Amylibacter
asv4547	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv4548	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv4549	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv4550	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aquibacter
asv4551	Bacteria	Deinococcota	Deinococci	Deinococcales	Trueperaceae	Truepera
asv4552	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionella
asv4553	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	Cand_Puniceispirillum
asv4554	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
asv4555	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv4556	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
asv4557	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv4558	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv4559	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv4560	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv4561	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sneathiellales	Sneathiellaceae	Sneathiellaceae uc
asv4562	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv4563	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv4564	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Arcticiflavibacter
asv4565	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonadaceae uc
asv4566	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Aurantisolimonas
asv4567	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SS1-B-07-19	SS1-B-07-19 uc	SS1-B-07-19 uc
asv4568	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv4569	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv4570	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	B2M28	B2M28 uc	B2M28 uc
asv4571	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
asv4572	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv4573	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv4574	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionaceae	Marinagarivorans
asv4575	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
asv4576	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv4577	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv4578	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv4580	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Ulvibacter
asv4581	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv4583	Bacteria	Deinococcota	Deinococci	Deinococcales	Trueperaceae	Truepera
asv4584	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv4585	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv4586	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
asv4587	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv4588	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
asv4589	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium
asv4590	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
asv4591	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv4592	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
asv4593	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Planktomarina
asv4594	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv4595	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Dermacoccaceae	Dermacoccus
asv4596	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	JG30-KF-CM66	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc
asv4597	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sneathiellales	Sneathiellaceae	Sneathiellaceae uc
asv4598	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	Cand_Puniceispirillum
asv4599	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv4600	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
asv4601	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv4602	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv4603	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
asv4604	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Aquabacterium
asv4605	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Ilumatobacteraceae	Ilumatobacter
asv4606	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Formosa
asv4608	Bacteria	Fusobacteriota	Fusobacteriia	Fusobacteriales	Fusobacteriaceae	Psychrilyobacter
asv4609	Archaea	Halobacterota	Halobacteria	Halobacterales	Halomicrobiaceae	Halomicrobiaceae uc
asv4610	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv4611	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
asv4612	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
asv4613	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	JG30-KF-CM66	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc
asv4614	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Polyangiales	Sandaracinaceae	Sandaracinaceae uc
asv4615	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv4616	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Beijerinckiaceae	Methylobacterium-Methylorubrum
asv4617	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Pseudoxanthomonas
asv4618	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv4619	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
asv4620	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
asv4621	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv4622	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv4623	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
asv4624	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv4625	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
asv4626	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	NS11-12	NS11-12 uc
asv4627	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Roseibacillus
asv4628	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Lentibacter
asv4629	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv4630	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
asv4631	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv4632	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Opitutaceae	Opitutaceae uc
asv4633	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv4634	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Altererythrobacter
asv4635	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Xanthobacteraceae	Tardiphaga
asv4636	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	S25-593	S25-593 uc
asv4637	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriales uc	Flavobacteriales uc
asv4638	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv4639	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv4640	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidia uc	Dehalococcoidia uc	Dehalococcoidia uc
asv4641	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv4642	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv4643	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv4644	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv4645	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv4646	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv4647	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv4648	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv4649	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
asv4650	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv4651	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
asv4652	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
asv4653	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv4655	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv4656	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Spirosomaceae	Spirosoma
asv4657	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomicaceae uc
asv4658	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade III	SAR11 Clade III uc
asv4659	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv4660	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Bradymonadales	Bradymonadales uc	Bradymonadales uc
asv4661	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Marinicella
asv4662	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Amylibacter
asv4663	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv4664	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv4665	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwelliaceae uc
asv4666	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Roseibacillus
asv4667	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	Puniceispirillales uc	Puniceispirillales uc
asv4669	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
asv4670	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv4671	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv4672	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
asv4673	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla3_lineage	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc
asv4674	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacteria	Desulfobacterales	Desulfosarcinaceae	Sva0081_sediment_group
asv4675	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv4676	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
asv4677	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv4678	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv4679	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Shewanella
asv4680	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv4681	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EC3	EC3 uc	EC3 uc
asv4682	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv4684	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv4685	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Alcaligenaceae	Achromobacter
asv4686	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
asv4687	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv4688	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
asv4689	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv4690	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv4692	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmata_or	Thermoplasmata_fa	Marine_Group_III
asv4693	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Marinobacteraceae	Marinobacter
asv4694	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	BD7-8	BD7-8 uc	BD7-8 uc
asv4695	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv4696	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv4697	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
asv4698	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv4699	Bacteria	Deinococcota	Deinococci	Deinococcales	Deinococcaceae	Deinococcus
asv4700	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv4701	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
asv4702	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv4703	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv4704	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv4705	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv4706	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv4707	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv4708	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv4709	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Saccharospirillaceae	Oleibacter
asv4710	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter
asv4711	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium
asv4712	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv4713	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Planktomarina
asv4714	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv4715	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv4716	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
asv4717	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobulbia	Desulfobulbales	Desulfocapsaceae	Desulforhopalus
asv4718	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv4719	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv4721	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Profundimonas
asv4722	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv4724	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	NAC11-7
asv4725	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Dasania
asv4726	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
asv4727	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lutibacter
asv4728	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
asv4729	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
asv4730	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv4731	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv4732	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Rubinisphaeraceae	Rubinisphaeraceae uc
asv4733	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
asv4734	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv4735	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
asv4736	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Ascidiaceihabitans
asv4737	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv4738	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Winogradskyella
asv4739	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv4740	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv4741	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv4742	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv4743	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorpha
asv4744	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Hyphomicrobiaceae	Hyphomicrobiaceae uc
asv4745	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	SM1A02
asv4746	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
asv4747	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv4748	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv4749	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
asv4750	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Rubinisphaeraceae	Planctomicrobium
asv4752	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales uc	Rickettsiales uc
asv4753	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
asv4754	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Algoriphagus
asv4756	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
asv4757	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Caldilineales	Caldilineaceae	Caldilineaceae uc
asv4758	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
asv4759	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
asv4760	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv4761	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Roseibacillus
asv4762	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv4763	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Chitinophagaceae uc
asv4764	Bacteria	Campilobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Arcobacteraceae uc
asv4765	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales uc	Rickettsiales uc
asv4766	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv4767	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Oxalobacteraceae	Collimonas
asv4768	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
asv4769	Bacteria	WPS-2	WPS-2 uc	WPS-2 uc	WPS-2 uc	WPS-2 uc
asv4770	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aurantivirga
asv4771	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv4773	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv4774	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Lentibacter
asv4776	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ga0077536	Ga0077536 uc	Ga0077536 uc
asv4778	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	NAC11-7
asv4779	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
asv4780	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv4781	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv4782	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	CL500-3
asv4783	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
asv4784	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
asv4785	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv4786	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Piscirickettsiales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Cand_Endoecteinascidia
asv4787	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Verruc-01
asv4788	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv4789	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv4790	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv4791	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lacinutrix
asv4792	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Arenicellales	Arenicellaceae	Arenicella
asv4793	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micropepsales	Micropepsaceae	Micropepsaceae uc
asv4794	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv4795	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
asv4796	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv4797	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv4798	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Listeriaceae	Brochothrix
asv4799	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Winogradskyella
asv4800	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
asv4801	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
asv4802	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
asv4803	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Oceanospirillaceae	Oceanospirillum
asv4804	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
asv4805	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Vibrio
asv4806	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
asv4807	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
asv4808	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv4809	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv4810	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Leifsonia
asv4812	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
asv4813	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
asv4814	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv4815	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv4816	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas
asv4817	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv4818	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Beijerinckiaceae	Methylobacterium-Methylorubrum
asv4821	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv4822	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Congregibacter
asv4823	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Limibaculum
asv4824	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv4825	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Arenicellales	Arenicellaceae	Arenicella
asv4826	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv4827	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	Puniceispirillales uc	Puniceispirillales uc
asv4828	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
asv4829	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	SM1A02
asv4831	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv4832	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Algicola
asv4833	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
asv4835	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv4836	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
asv4837	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv4838	Bacteria	Deinococcota	Deinococci	Thermales	Thermaceae	Meiothermus
asv4839	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv4840	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv4841	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv4842	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
asv4843	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv4844	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv4845	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv4846	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv4847	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv4848	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Terasakiellaceae	Terasakiellaceae uc
asv4849	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv4850	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv4851	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
asv4852	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Cyanobacteriia	Synechococcales	Cyanobiaceae	Synechococcus
asv4854	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
asv4855	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
asv4856	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Algoriphagus
asv4857	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
asv4858	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv4859	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	NS10
asv4860	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv4861	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	SM1A02
asv4862	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv4863	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv4864	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv4865	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	OM60(NOR5)
asv4866	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv4867	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv4868	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Variovorax
asv4869	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv4870	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv4871	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv4873	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
asv4874	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv4875	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv4876	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv4877	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv4879	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv4880	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv4881	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionales uc	Micavibrionales uc
asv4882	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Nitrosococcaceae	FS142-36B-02
asv4884	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv4885	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv4886	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
asv4887	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv4888	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
asv4889	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv4891	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv4892	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
asv4893	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
asv4894	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
asv4895	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidetes_VC2.1_Bac22	Bacteroidetes_VC2.1_Bac22 uc	Bacteroidetes_VC2.1_Bac22 uc
asv4896	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv4897	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv4898	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
asv4899	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv4901	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
asv4902	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv4903	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Shewanella
asv4904	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	FS140-16B-02
asv4905	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Microtrichaceae uc
asv4906	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv4907	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Yoonia-Loktanella
asv4908	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv4909	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Saccharospirillaceae	Oleispira
asv4910	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc
asv4911	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
asv4912	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv4913	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv4914	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Nannocystales	Nannocystaceae	Pseudenhygromyxa
asv4915	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
asv4916	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv4917	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv4918	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	Porticoccus
asv4919	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Holosporales	Holosporaceae	Holosporaceae uc
asv4920	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
asv4921	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv4922	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Thiotrichaceae	Thiotrichaceae uc
asv4923	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv4924	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS4
asv4925	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ectothiorhodospirales	Ectothiorhodospiraceae	Ectothiorhodospiraceae uc
asv4926	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv4927	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionellaceae uc
asv4928	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
asv4929	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv4930	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Pseudorhodobacter
asv4931	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv4933	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
asv4934	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Ascidiaceihabitans
asv4935	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
asv4936	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv4937	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv4938	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sneathiellales	Sneathiellaceae	Sneathiellaceae uc
asv4939	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS4
asv4940	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
asv4942	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
asv4943	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv4944	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Puniceicoccaceae uc
asv4945	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	CL500-3
asv4946	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv4948	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv4949	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
asv4950	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Nitrosococcaceae	Cm1-21
asv4951	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv4952	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv4953	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionales uc	Micavibrionales uc
asv4954	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
asv4955	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Lentimonas
asv4956	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionellaceae uc
asv4957	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Blfdi19	Blfdi19 uc	Blfdi19 uc
asv4958	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium
asv4959	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv4960	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	JG30-KF-CM66	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc
asv4961	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv4962	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Kangiellaceae	Aliikangiella
asv4963	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv4964	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv4965	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
asv4966	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
asv4967	Bacteria	Patescibacteria	Gracilibacteria	JGI_0000069-P22	JGI_0000069-P22 uc	JGI_0000069-P22 uc
asv4968	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
asv4969	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus
asv4970	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwelliaceae uc
asv4971	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv4972	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv4973	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
asv4974	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
asv4975	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwelliaceae uc
asv4976	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv4977	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv4978	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv4979	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv4980	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv4981	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv4982	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
asv4983	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv4984	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
asv4985	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv4986	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv4987	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
asv4988	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv4989	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv4990	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv4991	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv4992	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv4993	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Thalassotalea
asv4994	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv4995	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv4996	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv4997	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Bacteriovoracaceae uc
asv4998	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Chloroflexi uc	Chloroflexi uc	Chloroflexi uc	Chloroflexi uc
asv4999	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
asv5000	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Alcaligenaceae	Castellaniella
asv5002	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv5003	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv5004	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
asv5006	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
asv5007	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Azospirillales	Azospirillaceae	Azospirillum
asv5008	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv5009	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc
asv5010	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ga0077536	Ga0077536 uc	Ga0077536 uc
asv5011	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv5012	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv5013	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv5014	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv5015	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv5016	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv5017	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Tepidimonas
asv5018	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv5019	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales	Caminicellaceae	Caminicella
asv5020	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv5021	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv5022	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Varunaivibrio
asv5023	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Thiotrichaceae	Thiotrichaceae uc
asv5024	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	CL500-3
asv5025	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Fokiniaceae	MD3-55
asv5026	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv5027	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv5029	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Anaerolineales	Anaerolineaceae	Anaerolineaceae uc
asv5030	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv5031	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv5032	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv5033	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
asv5034	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halioglobus
asv5035	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
asv5036	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc
asv5037	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
asv5038	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv5039	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Erwiniaceae	Pantoea
asv5040	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv5041	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv5043	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	Methylotenera
asv5044	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv5045	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv5046	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv5047	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv5048	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv5050	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
asv5051	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
asv5052	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv5053	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
asv5054	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Nannocystales	Nannocystaceae	Nannocystaceae uc
asv5055	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
asv5056	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv5057	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv5058	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Marinoscillum
asv5059	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Isosphaerales	Isosphaeraceae	Isosphaeraceae uc
asv5060	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv5061	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Caulobacteraceae	Caulobacteraceae uc
asv5062	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv5063	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halioglobus
asv5064	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv5065	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv5066	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv5067	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Luteolibacter
asv5068	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Ascidiaceihabitans
asv5069	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv5070	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv5071	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas
asv5072	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Psychromonadaceae	Psychromonas
asv5073	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
asv5074	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv5075	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
asv5076	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv5077	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv5078	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv5079	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv5080	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	Cand_Puniceispirillum
asv5081	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv5082	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kordiimonadales	Kordiimonadales uc	Kordiimonadales uc
asv5083	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
asv5084	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ectothiorhodospirales	Ectothiorhodospiraceae	Ectothiorhodospiraceae uc
asv5085	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv5086	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas
asv5087	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	Cand_Puniceispirillum
asv5088	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv5089	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv5090	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv5091	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv5092	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	AB1	AB1 uc
asv5093	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
asv5094	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv5095	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv5096	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv5097	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacteraceae	Vicinamibacteraceae uc
asv5098	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv5099	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv5100	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv5101	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv5102	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv5103	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Bradymonadales	Bradymonadales uc	Bradymonadales uc
asv5104	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv5105	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv5106	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv5107	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv5108	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv5109	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv5110	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Lewinella
asv5111	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv5112	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Arenicellales	Arenicellaceae	Arenicella
asv5113	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv5114	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv5115	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
asv5116	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv5117	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HOC36	HOC36 uc	HOC36 uc
asv5120	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Bythopirellula
asv5121	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv5122	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv5123	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv5124	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Piscirickettsiales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Cand_Endoecteinascidia
asv5125	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv5126	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Aureispira
asv5127	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv5128	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Rubritalea
asv5129	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv5130	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv5131	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Litoricolaceae	Litoricola
asv5132	Bacteria	Dadabacteria	Dadabacteriia	Dadabacteriales	Dadabacteriales uc	Dadabacteriales uc
asv5133	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	Porticoccus
asv5134	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
asv5135	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv5136	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv5137	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
asv5138	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
asv5140	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv5141	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv5142	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
asv5143	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas
asv5144	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv5145	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv5146	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
asv5147	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
asv5148	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv5149	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
asv5151	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv5152	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
asv5153	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Syntrophobacteria	Syntrophobacterales	Syntrophobacterales uc	Syntrophobacterales uc
asv5154	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv5155	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Morganellaceae	Providencia
asv5156	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv5157	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Shewanella
asv5158	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lutimonas
asv5159	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
asv5160	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
asv5161	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv5162	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv5163	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Pricia
asv5164	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
asv5165	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv5166	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv5167	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv5168	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Bradymonadales	Bradymonadales uc	Bradymonadales uc
asv5169	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
asv5170	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	NS11-12	NS11-12 uc
asv5171	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv5172	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Kangiellaceae	Kangiellaceae uc
asv5173	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
asv5174	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
asv5175	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Puia
asv5176	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Ilumatobacteraceae	Ilumatobacter
asv5177	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas
asv5180	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	AB1	AB1 uc
asv5181	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv5182	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv5183	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv5185	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv5186	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv5187	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Pseudofulvibacter
asv5188	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
asv5189	Bacteria	Spirochaetota	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales	Spirochaetaceae	Spirochaeta
asv5190	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	NAC11-7
asv5191	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Euryhalocaulis
asv5192	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	NS10
asv5193	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
asv5194	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Lentimonas
asv5196	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HOC36	HOC36 uc	HOC36 uc
asv5197	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
asv5198	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
asv5199	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	CL500-3
asv5200	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Oxalobacteraceae	Massilia
asv5201	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv5202	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Spongiibacteraceae uc
asv5203	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Nitriliruptorales	Nitriliruptoraceae	Nitriliruptoraceae uc
asv5204	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	NAC11-7
asv5205	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Owenweeksia
asv5206	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv5207	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv5209	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
asv5210	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Methylophagaceae	Methylophaga
asv5211	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv5212	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kiloniellales	Kiloniellaceae	Kiloniellaceae uc
asv5213	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Rhodanobacteraceae	Pseudofulvimonas
asv5214	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
asv5215	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
asv5216	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Spongiibacteraceae uc
asv5217	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	KD3-93	KD3-93 uc
asv5218	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv5219	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
asv5221	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv5222	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus
asv5223	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Amylibacter
asv5224	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
asv5225	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv5226	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv5227	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter
asv5228	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sneathiellales	Sneathiellaceae	Sneathiellaceae uc
asv5229	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv5230	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavicella
asv5231	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv5232	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv5234	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	NS11-12	NS11-12 uc
asv5236	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	P0X4b2H11	P0X4b2H11 uc	P0X4b2H11 uc
asv5237	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
asv5238	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv5239	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmata_or	Thermoplasmata_fa	Marine_Group_III
asv5240	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv5241	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv5242	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv5243	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Glaciecola
asv5244	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv5245	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
asv5246	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Nitrosomonadaceae	Nitrosomonas
asv5247	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv5249	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv5250	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
asv5251	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
asv5252	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv5253	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Anaerolineae uc	Anaerolineae uc	Anaerolineae uc
asv5254	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Saccharospirillaceae	Saccharospirillaceae uc
asv5255	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv5256	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv5257	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
asv5258	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv5259	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Flammeovirgaceae	Sediminitomix
asv5260	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Rubinisphaeraceae	Rubinisphaeraceae uc
asv5261	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aquimarina
asv5262	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv5263	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv5264	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv5265	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Marinobacteraceae	Marinobacter
asv5266	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv5267	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
asv5268	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Fokiniaceae	MD3-55
asv5269	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv5270	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv5271	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	NS11-12	NS11-12 uc
asv5272	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv5273	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv5274	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Yersiniaceae	Yersinia
asv5275	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Arenicellales	Arenicellaceae	Arenicella
asv5276	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Marimicrobium
asv5277	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv5278	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Cyanobacteriia	Cyanobacteriales	Chroococcidiopsaceae	Aliterella
asv5279	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv5280	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
asv5282	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
asv5283	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Thalassobaculales	Thalassobaculaceae	Thalassobaculum
asv5284	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	Puniceispirillales uc	Puniceispirillales uc
asv5285	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
asv5286	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv5287	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	JG30-KF-CM66	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc
asv5288	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	B2M28	B2M28 uc	B2M28 uc
asv5289	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	AB1	AB1 uc
asv5290	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas
asv5291	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv5292	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
asv5293	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv5294	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Photobacterium
asv5295	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS2b
asv5296	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
asv5297	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Pleomorphomonadaceae	Pleomorphomonas
asv5298	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv5299	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Marimicrobium
asv5300	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv5301	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas
asv5302	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv5303	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwelliaceae uc
asv5304	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus
asv5305	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lutimonas
asv5306	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv5307	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv5308	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv5309	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
asv5310	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
asv5311	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SS1-B-07-19	SS1-B-07-19 uc	SS1-B-07-19 uc
asv5312	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
asv5313	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv5314	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
asv5315	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnoanaerobaculum
asv5316	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
asv5318	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter
asv5319	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
asv5320	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
asv5322	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv5323	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv5324	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv5325	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
asv5326	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv5327	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv5328	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv5329	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	P9X2b3D02	P9X2b3D02 uc	P9X2b3D02 uc	P9X2b3D02 uc
asv5330	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
asv5332	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Tenderiales	Tenderiaceae	Cand_Tenderia
asv5333	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv5334	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionaceae	Micavibrionaceae uc
asv5335	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv5336	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
asv5337	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv5338	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv5339	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv5340	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv5341	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
asv5342	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Arcticiflavibacter
asv5343	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv5344	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Microtrichaceae uc
asv5345	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv5346	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv5347	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Paraglaciecola
asv5348	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc
asv5349	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv5350	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv5351	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv5352	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv5353	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
asv5354	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
asv5355	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv5356	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv5359	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv5361	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv5362	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv5363	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv5364	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
asv5365	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Ascidiaceihabitans
asv5366	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade III	SAR11 Clade III uc
asv5368	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
asv5369	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
asv5370	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv5371	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv5372	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Reichenbachiella
asv5373	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv5375	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
asv5376	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv5377	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sedimentitalea
asv5378	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Oceanospirillales uc	Oceanospirillales uc
asv5379	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv5380	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv5381	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Shewanella
asv5382	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv5383	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv5384	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv5385	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
asv5386	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv5387	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv5388	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
asv5389	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Marinicella
asv5390	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv5391	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
asv5392	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv5394	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
asv5395	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sedimentitalea
asv5396	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv5397	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv5398	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
asv5399	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Listeriaceae	Brochothrix
asv5402	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv5403	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
asv5404	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Paraglaciecola
asv5405	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaerales	Lentisphaeraceae	Lentisphaera
asv5406	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv5407	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv5408	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
asv5409	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Nitrosomonadaceae	Nitrosomonas
asv5410	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv5411	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	JTB23	JTB23 uc	JTB23 uc
asv5412	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
asv5413	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS4
asv5414	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Halocynthiibacter
asv5415	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_23
asv5416	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Formosa
asv5417	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv5418	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv5419	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv5421	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv5422	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv5423	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv5424	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halioglobus
asv5425	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv5426	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
asv5427	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HOC36	HOC36 uc	HOC36 uc
asv5428	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lutimonas
asv5430	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Gaetbulibacter
asv5431	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv5432	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
asv5433	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv5434	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv5435	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv5436	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv5437	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv5438	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv5439	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv5440	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv5441	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
asv5442	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv5443	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
asv5444	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
asv5445	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter
asv5446	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
asv5447	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv5448	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv5450	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Rhodanobacteraceae	Rhodanobacter
asv5451	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Rubinisphaeraceae	Rubinisphaeraceae uc
asv5452	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
asv5453	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Rubinisphaeraceae	Rubinisphaeraceae uc
asv5454	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv5455	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Xanthobacteraceae	Afipia
asv5456	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
asv5457	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv5458	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaerales	Lentisphaeraceae	Lentisphaera
asv5459	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv5460	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv5461	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
asv5463	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
asv5464	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EC3	EC3 uc	EC3 uc
asv5465	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
asv5467	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv5468	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv5469	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv5470	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv5471	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ga0077536	Ga0077536 uc	Ga0077536 uc
asv5472	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiohalorhabdales	Thiohalorhabdaceae	Thiohalorhabdaceae uc
asv5473	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Blfdi19	Blfdi19 uc	Blfdi19 uc
asv5474	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	NS11-12	NS11-12 uc
asv5475	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
asv5476	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HgCo23	HgCo23 uc	HgCo23 uc
asv5477	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
asv5478	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Arenicellales	Arenicellaceae	Arenicella
asv5479	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidia uc	Dehalococcoidia uc	Dehalococcoidia uc
asv5480	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv5481	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv5482	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
asv5483	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv5484	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv5485	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Amylibacter
asv5486	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv5487	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv5488	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
asv5489	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	JL-ETNP-F27
asv5490	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv5491	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv5492	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pasteurellales	Pasteurellaceae	Haemophilus
asv5493	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv5494	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Sediminicola
asv5495	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
asv5496	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Arenimonas
asv5497	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
asv5498	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv5499	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv5501	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
asv5502	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	Sphingobacteriales uc	Sphingobacteriales uc
asv5503	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv5504	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Thalassospiraceae	Thalassospira
asv5505	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv5506	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv5507	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv5509	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv5510	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Persicirhabdus
asv5511	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv5512	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv5513	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv5514	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv5515	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv5516	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv5517	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv5518	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Holosporales	Holosporaceae	Cand_Gortzia
asv5519	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
asv5520	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	NAC11-7
asv5521	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv5522	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Pseudoxanthomonas
asv5523	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv5524	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Allofrancisella
asv5525	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
asv5526	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
asv5527	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Subgroup_9	Subgroup_9 uc	Subgroup_9 uc
asv5528	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv5529	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv5530	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv5531	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	FS140-16B-02
asv5532	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
asv5533	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
asv5534	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv5535	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv5536	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Rubritalea
asv5537	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriales uc	Flavobacteriales uc
asv5538	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv5539	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv5541	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv5542	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
asv5543	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
asv5544	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv5545	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv5546	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv5547	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv5548	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sedimentitalea
asv5549	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv5550	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv5551	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
asv5552	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv5553	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv5554	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
asv5555	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales uc	Rickettsiales uc
asv5556	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv5557	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv5558	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv5559	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv5560	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
asv5561	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv5562	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv5563	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
asv5564	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv5565	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv5566	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv5567	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
asv5568	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
asv5570	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv5571	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv5572	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv5573	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	JTB23	JTB23 uc	JTB23 uc
asv5574	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
asv5575	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Paracoccus
asv5576	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Leuconostocaceae	Leuconostoc
asv5578	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HgCo23	HgCo23 uc	HgCo23 uc
asv5579	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Cand_Megaira
asv5580	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Novosphingobium
asv5581	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv5582	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv5583	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv5584	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
asv5585	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionaceae	Micavibrionaceae uc
asv5587	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv5588	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv5589	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv5590	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv5591	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Bradymonadales	Bradymonadales uc	Bradymonadales uc
asv5592	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	ML602J-51
asv5593	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
asv5594	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv5595	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv5596	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
asv5597	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv5598	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv5599	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv5600	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv5601	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv5602	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade IV	SAR11 Clade IV uc
asv5604	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv5605	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv5606	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
asv5608	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv5609	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv5610	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv5611	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Marinifilaceae	Marinifilum
asv5612	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv5613	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv5614	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv5615	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
asv5616	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv5617	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
asv5618	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Lewinella
asv5619	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv5620	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv5621	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Dokdonia
asv5622	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS4
asv5623	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Amylibacter
asv5624	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv5625	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiohalorhabdales	Thiohalorhabdaceae	Thiohalorhabdaceae uc
asv5626	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
asv5627	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv5628	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Staphylococcales	Staphylococcaceae	Staphylococcus
asv5629	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv5630	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv5631	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
asv5632	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
asv5633	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv5634	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv5635	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv5636	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
asv5637	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
asv5638	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv5639	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv5641	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS2b
asv5642	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
asv5643	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
asv5644	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halioglobus
asv5645	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv5646	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
asv5647	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv5648	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv5649	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv5650	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
asv5651	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv5652	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv5653	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Saccharospirillaceae	Reinekea
asv5654	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Shewanella
asv5655	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmata_or	Thermoplasmata_fa	Marine_Group_III
asv5656	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Comamonadaceae uc
asv5657	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv5658	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
asv5659	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
asv5660	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv5661	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kiloniellales	Kiloniellaceae	Kiloniellaceae uc
asv5662	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv5663	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv5664	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
asv5665	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
asv5666	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv5667	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
asv5668	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv5669	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Alcaligenaceae	Oligella
asv5670	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	Sphingobacteriaceae	Sphingobacterium
asv5671	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Lentimonas
asv5672	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv5673	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
asv5674	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv5675	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv5676	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
asv5677	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv5678	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv5679	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv5680	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv5681	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
asv5682	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv5683	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv5684	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv5685	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
asv5686	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv5687	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
asv5688	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Winogradskyella
asv5689	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv5690	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv5691	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
asv5692	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv5693	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv5694	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Salinisphaerales	Solimonadaceae	Nevskia
asv5695	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv5696	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
asv5697	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
asv5698	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_11	Subgroup_11 uc	Subgroup_11 uc	Subgroup_11 uc
asv5699	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv5700	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
asv5701	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HOC36	HOC36 uc	HOC36 uc
asv5703	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacteria	Desulfobacterales	Desulfosarcinaceae	SEEP-SRB1
asv5704	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillaceae	Rhodospirillaceae uc
asv5705	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv5706	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Puia
asv5707	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
asv5708	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavicella
asv5709	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv5710	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Thiotrichaceae	Thiotrichaceae uc
asv5711	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
asv5712	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv5713	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv5714	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv5715	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv5716	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionellaceae uc
asv5717	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv5718	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
asv5719	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
asv5720	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
asv5721	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv5722	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Opitutaceae	Opitutaceae uc
asv5723	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv5724	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv5725	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv5726	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	OM60(NOR5)
asv5727	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv5728	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	P.palmC41	P.palmC41 uc	P.palmC41 uc
asv5729	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Cyanobacteriia	Synechococcales	Cyanobiaceae	Synechococcus
asv5730	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv5731	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Bacteriovoracaceae uc
asv5732	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
asv5733	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Bradymonadales	Bradymonadales uc	Bradymonadales uc
asv5734	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Thalassospiraceae	Thalassospira
asv5735	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv5736	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv5737	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Moraxella
asv5738	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
asv5739	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv5740	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
asv5741	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv5743	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Aquabacterium
asv5744	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv5746	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
asv5747	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	JTB23	JTB23 uc	JTB23 uc
asv5748	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv5749	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv5750	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv5751	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	SM2D12	SM2D12 uc
asv5753	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Thalassobaculales	Nisaeaceae	OM75
asv5754	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv5755	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
asv5756	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv5757	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
asv5758	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Thalassobaculales	Nisaeaceae	OM75
asv5759	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
asv5760	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
asv5761	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Leuconostocaceae	Weissella
asv5762	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv5763	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus
asv5764	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Novosphingobium
asv5765	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv5766	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
asv5767	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
asv5768	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Litoreibacter
asv5769	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv5770	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	Porticoccus
asv5771	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Nannocystales	Nannocystaceae	Nannocystaceae uc
asv5772	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	OM60(NOR5)
asv5773	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Microbacteriaceae uc
asv5774	Bacteria	Dadabacteria	Dadabacteriia	Dadabacteriales	Dadabacteriales uc	Dadabacteriales uc
asv5775	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Pelomonas
asv5776	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_5	Subgroup_5 uc	Subgroup_5 uc	Subgroup_5 uc
asv5777	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv5778	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv5779	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Omnitrophia	Omnitrophales	koll11	koll11 uc
asv5780	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv5781	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HOC36	HOC36 uc	HOC36 uc
asv5782	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	OM60(NOR5)
asv5783	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Novosphingobium
asv5784	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv5785	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	NAC11-7
asv5786	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Rubritalea
asv5787	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv5788	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv5789	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv5790	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
asv5791	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	KD3-93	KD3-93 uc
asv5792	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv5793	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv5794	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
asv5795	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv5796	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
asv5797	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HglApr721	HglApr721 uc	HglApr721 uc
asv5799	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv5800	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
asv5801	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
asv5802	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
asv5803	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacteraceae	Vicinamibacteraceae uc
asv5804	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
asv5805	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv5806	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv5807	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv5808	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv5809	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv5810	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc
asv5811	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv5812	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv5813	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Acidobacteriae	PAUC26f	PAUC26f uc	PAUC26f uc
asv5814	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv5815	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
asv5816	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv5818	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv5819	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv5820	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv5821	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
asv5822	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv5823	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
asv5824	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv5825	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
asv5826	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla3_lineage	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc
asv5827	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv5828	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Winogradskyella
asv5829	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas
asv5831	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv5832	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv5833	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HOC36	HOC36 uc	HOC36 uc
asv5834	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Frondihabitans
asv5835	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
asv5836	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kiloniellales	Kiloniellaceae	Kiloniellaceae uc
asv5837	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv5838	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv5839	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Marinoscillum
asv5840	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter
asv5841	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv5842	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter
asv5843	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	OM60(NOR5)
asv5844	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Marinoscillum
asv5845	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv5846	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Marinoscillum
asv5847	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	JL-ETNP-F27
asv5848	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
asv5849	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv5850	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	Woesearchaeales uc	Woesearchaeales uc
asv5851	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Blfdi19	Blfdi19 uc	Blfdi19 uc
asv5852	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv5853	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Neisseriaceae	Neisseria
asv5854	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv5855	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kiloniellales	Kiloniellaceae	Kiloniellaceae uc
asv5856	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
asv5857	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	KD3-93	KD3-93 uc
asv5858	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Piscirickettsiales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Cand_Endoecteinascidia
asv5859	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Carnobacteriaceae	Granulicatella
asv5860	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv5861	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv5862	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv5863	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv5864	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv5865	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
asv5866	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
asv5867	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	SG8-4	SG8-4 uc
asv5868	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv5869	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_26	Subgroup_26 uc	Subgroup_26 uc	Subgroup_26 uc
asv5870	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv5871	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
asv5872	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS4
asv5873	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
asv5874	Bacteria	Dadabacteria	Dadabacteriia	Dadabacteriales	Dadabacteriales uc	Dadabacteriales uc
asv5875	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv5876	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv5877	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv5879	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmata_or	Thermoplasmata_fa	Marine_Group_III
asv5880	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	CL500-3
asv5881	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
asv5882	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_21	Subgroup_21 uc	Subgroup_21 uc	Subgroup_21 uc
asv5883	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	AB1	AB1 uc
asv5884	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv5885	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv5886	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv5887	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv5888	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
asv5889	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv5891	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_5	Subgroup_5 uc	Subgroup_5 uc	Subgroup_5 uc
asv5892	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_5	Subgroup_5 uc	Subgroup_5 uc	Subgroup_5 uc
asv5893	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Acetobacterales	Acetobacteraceae	Rhodovarius
asv5894	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
asv5895	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv5896	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
asv5897	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Methylococcales	Methylomonadaceae	Milano-WF1B-03
asv5899	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv5900	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv5901	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv5902	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_5	Subgroup_5 uc	Subgroup_5 uc	Subgroup_5 uc
asv5903	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
asv5904	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv5905	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv5906	Bacteria	Hydrogenedentes	Hydrogenedentia	Hydrogenedentiales	Hydrogenedensaceae	Hydrogenedensaceae uc
asv5907	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
asv5908	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Planktomarina
asv5909	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
asv5910	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv5911	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv5912	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
asv5913	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Ulvibacter
asv5914	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aurantivirga
asv5915	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
asv5916	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
asv5917	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	FS140-16B-02
asv5918	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv5919	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	Babeliaceae	Babeliaceae uc
asv5920	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv5921	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_5	Subgroup_5 uc	Subgroup_5 uc	Subgroup_5 uc
asv5922	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	0319-6G20	0319-6G20 uc	0319-6G20 uc
asv5923	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	SM1A02
asv5924	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Marinicella
asv5926	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Dasania
asv5927	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
asv5928	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Verruc-01
asv5929	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv5930	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
asv5931	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Salegentibacter
asv5932	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
asv5933	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv5934	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Thermoleophilia	Solirubrobacterales	Solirubrobacteraceae	Solirubrobacter
asv5935	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
asv5936	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
asv5938	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
asv5939	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv5940	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Rhodocyclaceae	Dechloromonas
asv5941	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobulbia	Desulfobulbales	Desulfocapsaceae	Desulfotalea
asv5942	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
asv5943	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv5944	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Leifsonia
asv5945	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
asv5946	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmata_or	Thermoplasmata_fa	Marine_Group_III
asv5947	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv5948	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv5949	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv5950	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
asv5951	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv5952	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
asv5953	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv5954	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv5956	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv5957	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv5958	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Lentibacter
asv5959	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
asv5960	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv5962	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Ferrovibrionales	Ferrovibrionales_fa	Ferrovibrionales_fa uc
asv5963	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Psychroserpens
asv5964	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv5965	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Kangiellaceae	Aliikangiella
asv5966	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv5967	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales_fa	Cand_Jidaibacter
asv5968	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sneathiellales	Sneathiellaceae	Sneathiella
asv5969	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	P.palmC41	P.palmC41 uc	P.palmC41 uc
asv5970	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv5971	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv5972	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv5973	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv5974	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv5975	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
asv5976	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv5977	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv5978	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv5979	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv5980	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv5981	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
asv5982	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
asv5983	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Allofrancisella
asv5984	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv5985	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
asv5986	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv5987	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
asv5988	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv5989	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
asv5990	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
asv5991	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv5992	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	S085	S085 uc	S085 uc
asv5993	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
asv5994	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionellaceae uc
asv5995	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Cand_Megaira
asv5996	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv5997	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv5999	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv6000	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
asv6001	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
asv6002	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
asv6004	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Pseudofulvibacter
asv6005	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Anaerolineales	Anaerolineaceae	Anaerolineaceae uc
asv6006	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv6007	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv6008	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv6009	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Cand_Megaira
asv6010	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	AB1	AB1 uc
asv6011	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
asv6012	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillales uc	Rhodospirillales uc
asv6013	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv6014	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
asv6015	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	FS140-16B-02
asv6016	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv6017	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS4
asv6019	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv6020	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv6021	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Alkanindiges
asv6022	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaerales	Lentisphaeraceae	Lentisphaera
asv6023	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HOC36	HOC36 uc	HOC36 uc
asv6024	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
asv6025	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
asv6026	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Bernardetiaceae	Bernardetia
asv6027	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv6028	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv6029	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Fulvivirga
asv6030	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv6031	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Aliivibrio
asv6032	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv6033	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv6034	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv6035	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
asv6036	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv6037	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	OM60(NOR5)
asv6038	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingorhabdus
asv6039	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv6040	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
asv6041	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
asv6042	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
asv6043	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv6044	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv6045	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv6046	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv6051	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Rhodanobacteraceae	Rhodanobacter
asv6052	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv6053	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Pedosphaerales	Pedosphaeraceae	SCGC_AAA164-E04
asv6054	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
asv6055	Bacteria	Fusobacteriota	Fusobacteriia	Fusobacteriales	Fusobacteriaceae	Fusobacterium
asv6056	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv6057	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla3_lineage	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc
asv6058	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Bradymonadales	Bradymonadales uc	Bradymonadales uc
asv6059	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv6060	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
asv6061	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella
asv6062	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv6064	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Rubritalea
asv6065	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Cand_Megaira
asv6066	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv6067	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Ulvibacter
asv6068	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacteraceae	Vicinamibacteraceae uc
asv6069	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv6070	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv6071	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv6072	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv6073	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SS1-B-07-19	SS1-B-07-19 uc	SS1-B-07-19 uc
asv6074	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
asv6075	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Nannocystales	Nannocystaceae	Nannocystaceae uc
asv6076	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv6077	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv6078	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv6080	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Kangiellaceae	Kangiellaceae uc
asv6081	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Victivallales	Victivallales uc	Victivallales uc
asv6082	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv6083	Bacteria	Patescibacteria	Gracilibacteria	JGI_0000069-P22	JGI_0000069-P22 uc	JGI_0000069-P22 uc
asv6084	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv6085	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	4572-13	4572-13 uc
asv6086	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv6088	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Arenibacter
asv6090	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobulbia	Desulfobulbales	Desulfocapsaceae	SEEP-SRB4
asv6091	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv6092	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv6093	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv6094	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv6095	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv6096	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv6097	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv6098	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv6099	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv6100	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Xanthomonas
asv6101	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Limibaculum
asv6102	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv6103	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Rhizobiaceae uc
asv6104	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Cyanobacteriia	Cyanobacteriales	Chroococcidiopsaceae	Chroococcidiopsaceae uc
asv6105	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium
asv6106	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv6107	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cytophagales uc	Cytophagales uc
asv6108	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinota uc	Nitrospinota uc	Nitrospinota uc	Nitrospinota uc
asv6109	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriales uc	Flavobacteriales uc
asv6110	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv6112	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv6113	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv6114	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv6115	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv6116	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
asv6117	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv6118	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv6119	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
asv6120	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
asv6121	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv6122	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
asv6124	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
asv6125	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Paenibacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Cohnella
asv6126	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
asv6127	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Rubritalea
asv6128	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv6129	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Saccharospirillaceae	Reinekea
asv6130	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Rubritalea
asv6131	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv6132	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
asv6133	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
asv6134	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
asv6135	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv6136	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv6137	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv6138	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Roseibacillus
asv6139	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv6140	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
asv6141	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv6142	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv6143	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv6144	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv6145	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter
asv6146	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv6147	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
asv6148	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Flammeovirgaceae	Flammeovirgaceae uc
asv6149	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Vibrionaceae uc
asv6150	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv6151	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
asv6152	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Nonlabens
asv6153	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halioglobus
asv6154	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv6155	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiohalorhabdales	Thiohalorhabdaceae	Thiohalorhabdaceae uc
asv6156	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv6157	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Thermicanales	Thermicanaceae	Thermicanus
asv6158	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv6159	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillaceae	Roseospirillum
asv6160	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv6161	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
asv6163	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	AB1	AB1 uc
asv6164	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaerales	Lentisphaeraceae	Lentisphaera
asv6166	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ectothiorhodospirales	Ectothiorhodospiraceae	Ectothiorhodospiraceae uc
asv6167	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv6168	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv6169	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	NAC11-7
asv6171	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv6172	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv6173	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv6174	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv6175	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Desulfuromonadia uc	Desulfuromonadia uc	Desulfuromonadia uc
asv6176	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv6177	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
asv6178	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv6180	Bacteria	Patescibacteria	Gracilibacteria	JGI_0000069-P22	JGI_0000069-P22 uc	JGI_0000069-P22 uc
asv6181	Bacteria	Fusobacteriota	Fusobacteriia	Fusobacteriales	Fusobacteriaceae	Psychrilyobacter
asv6182	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv6183	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv6184	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
asv6185	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv6186	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv6189	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Verruc-01
asv6190	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
asv6191	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv6192	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Marinoscillum
asv6193	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
asv6194	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv6195	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv6196	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
asv6197	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv6198	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Nitrosomonadaceae	IS-44
asv6199	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaeria uc	Lentisphaeria uc	Lentisphaeria uc
asv6200	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	NAC11-7
asv6201	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv6202	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv6203	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv6204	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv6205	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesia
asv6206	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halioglobus
asv6209	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv6210	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv6211	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv6212	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
asv6213	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Tenacibaculum
asv6214	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv6215	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv6216	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv6217	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	JTB23	JTB23 uc	JTB23 uc
asv6218	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv6219	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
asv6220	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillales uc	Rhodospirillales uc
asv6221	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
asv6223	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
asv6224	Bacteria	Deinococcota	Deinococci	Deinococcales	Deinococcaceae	Deinococcus
asv6225	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Bacteriovoracaceae uc
asv6226	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
asv6227	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
asv6228	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Enhydrobacter
asv6229	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sneathiellales	Sneathiellaceae	Sneathiella
asv6230	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	JG30-KF-CM66	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc
asv6231	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas
asv6232	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Lewinella
asv6233	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv6234	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Planktomarina
asv6235	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
asv6236	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Planktomarina
asv6237	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Bacteriovoracaceae uc
asv6238	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv6239	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
asv6240	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
asv6241	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv6242	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv6243	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	MBMPE27	MBMPE27 uc	MBMPE27 uc
asv6244	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv6245	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv6246	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
asv6247	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionales uc	Micavibrionales uc
asv6248	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas
asv6249	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv6250	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	NAC11-7
asv6251	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
asv6252	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv6253	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv6254	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Firmicutes uc	Firmicutes uc	Firmicutes uc	Firmicutes uc
asv6255	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv6256	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv6257	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv6258	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
asv6259	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv6260	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Beijerinckiaceae	Bosea
asv6261	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv6262	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiohalorhabdales	Thiohalorhabdaceae	Thiohalorhabdaceae uc
asv6263	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Cand_Megaira
asv6264	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv6265	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Novosphingobium
asv6266	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Rubritalea
asv6267	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv6268	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv6269	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
asv6270	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv6271	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv6272	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv6273	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv6274	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv6275	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Methylophagaceae	Methylophagaceae uc
asv6276	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Octadecabacter
asv6277	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv6279	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv6280	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv6281	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Photobacterium
asv6282	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv6283	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Polyangiales	Eel-36e1D6	Eel-36e1D6 uc
asv6284	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Bacteriovoracaceae uc
asv6285	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv6286	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Coraliomargarita
asv6287	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Ekhidna
asv6288	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv6289	Bacteria	Dadabacteria	Dadabacteriia	Dadabacteriales	Dadabacteriales uc	Dadabacteriales uc
asv6290	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv6291	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Methyloligellaceae	Methyloligellaceae uc
asv6292	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv6293	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv6294	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv6295	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
asv6296	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Ottowia
asv6297	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
asv6298	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv6299	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Lewinella
asv6300	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
asv6301	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Thiotrichaceae	Leucothrix
asv6302	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
asv6303	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv6304	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
asv6305	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv6306	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Vibrio
asv6307	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv6308	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
asv6309	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla3_lineage	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc
asv6310	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
asv6311	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv6312	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Rubritalea
asv6313	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	SG8-4	SG8-4 uc
asv6314	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
asv6315	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv6316	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
asv6317	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Thioclava
asv6318	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv6319	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidaceae	Bacteroides
asv6320	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Paracaedibacterales	Paracaedibacteraceae	Paracaedibacteraceae uc
asv6321	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv6322	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter
asv6323	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Subsaxibacter
asv6324	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv6325	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv6326	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Arenicellales	Arenicellaceae	Arenicella
asv6327	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Oscillospirales	Ruminococcaceae	Faecalibacterium
asv6328	Bacteria	Patescibacteria	Gracilibacteria	JGI_0000069-P22	JGI_0000069-P22 uc	JGI_0000069-P22 uc
asv6329	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv6330	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv6331	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv6332	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv6333	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv6334	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv6335	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv6336	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv6337	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiales_Incertae_Sedis	Alsobacter
asv6338	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales uc	Rickettsiales uc
asv6339	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv6340	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv6341	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv6342	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv6343	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv6344	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
asv6345	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Bacteriovoracaceae uc
asv6346	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Piscirickettsiales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Cand_Endoecteinascidia
asv6348	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Carnobacteriaceae	Granulicatella
asv6349	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
asv6350	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv6351	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
asv6352	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv6353	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv6354	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Comamonadaceae uc
asv6356	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
asv6357	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv6358	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	SM1A02
asv6359	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv6360	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
asv6361	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv6362	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Marixanthomonas
asv6363	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv6364	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv6365	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Blfdi19	Blfdi19 uc	Blfdi19 uc
asv6366	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	OM60(NOR5)
asv6367	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
asv6369	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
asv6370	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	JL-ETNP-F27
asv6372	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Rhodocyclaceae	Methyloversatilis
asv6373	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Kangiellaceae	Kangiellaceae uc
asv6374	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
asv6375	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc
asv6376	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SZB50	SZB50 uc	SZB50 uc
asv6377	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv6378	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Pseudorhodobacter
asv6379	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv6380	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Pseudofulvibacter
asv6381	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas
asv6382	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv6383	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv6384	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv6385	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Novosphingobium
asv6386	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_26	Subgroup_26 uc	Subgroup_26 uc	Subgroup_26 uc
asv6387	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv6388	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Roseovarius
asv6389	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
asv6390	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionaceae	Cellvibrionaceae uc
asv6391	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Actinomarinales	Actinomarinales uc	Actinomarinales uc
asv6392	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv6393	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
asv6394	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Xanthobacteraceae	Rhodopseudomonas
asv6395	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv6396	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv6397	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla3_lineage	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc
asv6398	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv6399	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	CL500-3
asv6400	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv6401	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
asv6402	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv6403	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
asv6404	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv6405	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv6406	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv6408	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Marinifilaceae	Marinifilum
asv6409	Bacteria	Patescibacteria	Gracilibacteria	JGI_0000069-P22	JGI_0000069-P22 uc	JGI_0000069-P22 uc
asv6410	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv6411	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv6412	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv6413	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
asv6414	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv6415	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv6416	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	JL-ETNP-F27
asv6417	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Sediminibacterium
asv6418	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Dasania
asv6420	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Saccharospirillaceae	Saccharospirillaceae uc
asv6421	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv6422	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
asv6423	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv6424	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv6425	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv6426	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv6427	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv6428	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
asv6429	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv6430	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv6432	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv6433	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Bradymonadales	Bradymonadales uc	Bradymonadales uc
asv6434	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
asv6435	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv6436	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
asv6437	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Fulvivirga
asv6438	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv6439	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv6440	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv6441	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv6442	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Ferruginibacter
asv6443	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Caulobacteraceae	Asticcacaulis
asv6444	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Paracoccus
asv6445	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
asv6446	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidaceae	Bacteroides
asv6447	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv6448	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Paracoccus
asv6449	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Pseudofulvibacter
asv6450	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Rubinisphaeraceae	Planctomicrobium
asv6451	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter
asv6452	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv6453	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Xanthobacteraceae	Afipia
asv6454	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv6455	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv6456	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv6457	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv6459	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv6460	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv6461	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aurantivirga
asv6462	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv6463	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sedimentitalea
asv6464	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv6466	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	Sphingobacteriales uc	Sphingobacteriales uc
asv6467	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria uc	Actinobacteria uc	Actinobacteria uc
asv6469	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv6470	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
asv6471	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaerales	Lentisphaeraceae	Lentisphaera
asv6472	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
asv6473	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Ideonella
asv6475	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv6476	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	S25-593	S25-593 uc
asv6477	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ectothiorhodospirales	Ectothiorhodospiraceae	Ectothiorhodospiraceae uc
asv6478	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv6479	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Oleiphilaceae	Oleiphilus
asv6480	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
asv6481	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv6482	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv6483	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sneathiellales	Sneathiellaceae	Sneathiellaceae uc
asv6484	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
asv6487	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv6488	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
asv6489	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv6490	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ga0077536	Ga0077536 uc	Ga0077536 uc
asv6491	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ectothiorhodospirales	Ectothiorhodospiraceae	Ectothiorhodospiraceae uc
asv6492	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv6493	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Paracoccus
asv6494	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv6495	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	CL500-3
asv6496	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
asv6497	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	BD7-11	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc
asv6498	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv6499	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	NAC11-7
asv6500	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
asv6501	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv6502	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Roseibacillus
asv6504	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv6505	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv6506	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv6507	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Cerasicoccus
asv6508	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group uc	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group uc	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group uc
asv6509	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv6510	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
asv6511	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv6512	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv6513	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	JL-ETNP-F27
asv6514	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv6515	Bacteria	Hydrogenedentes	Hydrogenedentia	Hydrogenedentiales	Hydrogenedensaceae	Hydrogenedensaceae uc
asv6516	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Moraxella
asv6517	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv6518	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacteria	Desulfobacterales	Desulfosarcinaceae	LCP-80
asv6519	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv6520	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	JL-ETNP-F27
asv6521	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	AT-s2-59	AT-s2-59 uc	AT-s2-59 uc
asv6522	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
asv6523	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv6524	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
asv6525	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Alcaligenaceae	Alcaligenes
asv6526	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv6527	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Aureispira
asv6528	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv6529	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv6530	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Hydrogenophaga
asv6531	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
asv6532	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv6533	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv6534	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
asv6535	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
asv6536	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv6537	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
asv6538	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaerales	Lentisphaeraceae	Lentisphaera
asv6539	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Algoriphagus
asv6540	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Cand_Megaira
asv6541	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillales uc	Rhodospirillales uc
asv6542	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Weeksellaceae	Cloacibacterium
asv6543	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv6544	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
asv6545	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Piscirickettsiales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Cand_Endoecteinascidia
asv6546	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
asv6547	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Flammeovirgaceae	Flammeovirgaceae uc
asv6548	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv6549	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv6550	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	FS140-16B-02
asv6551	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
asv6552	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium
asv6553	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Beijerinckiaceae	Chelatococcus
asv6555	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Roseibacillus
asv6556	Bacteria	Dadabacteria	Dadabacteriia	Dadabacteriales	Dadabacteriales uc	Dadabacteriales uc
asv6557	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Hydrogenophaga
asv6558	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
asv6559	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv6560	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv6561	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Aureispira
asv6562	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv6563	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv6564	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv6565	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv6566	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Arcticiflavibacter
asv6567	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
asv6568	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Staphylococcales	Staphylococcaceae	Staphylococcus
asv6569	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv6570	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Jejudonia
asv6571	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
asv6572	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomicaceae uc
asv6573	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv6574	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
asv6576	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv6578	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv6579	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv6580	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	S25-593	S25-593 uc
asv6581	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaeria uc	Lentisphaeria uc	Lentisphaeria uc
asv6582	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	AT-s2-59	AT-s2-59 uc	AT-s2-59 uc
asv6583	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Psychroserpens
asv6585	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
asv6586	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv6587	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Halobacteriovorax
asv6588	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv6589	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv6590	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionaceae	Maricurvus
asv6591	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Terasakiellaceae	Terasakiellaceae uc
asv6592	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwelliaceae uc
asv6593	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaerales	Lentisphaeraceae	Lentisphaera
asv6594	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Rubinisphaeraceae	Fuerstia
asv6595	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Saccharospirillaceae	Saccharospirillaceae uc
asv6598	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Nannocystales	Nannocystaceae	Nannocystaceae uc
asv6599	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv6600	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv6601	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade IV	SAR11 Clade IV uc
asv6602	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
asv6603	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Arenicellales	Arenicellaceae	Thiolapillus
asv6604	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv6605	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Tabrizicola
asv6606	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv6608	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
asv6609	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv6610	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter
asv6612	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Hydrogenophaga
asv6613	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	BD7-11	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc
asv6614	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
asv6615	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
asv6616	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS4
asv6617	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Stenotrophomonas
asv6618	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv6619	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	S25-593	S25-593 uc
asv6620	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv6621	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv6622	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv6623	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Firmicutes uc	Firmicutes uc	Firmicutes uc	Firmicutes uc
asv6624	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
asv6625	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Arcticiflavibacter
asv6626	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv6627	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Nitrosococcaceae	MSB-1D1
asv6629	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv6630	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv6631	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Omnitrophia	Omnitrophia uc	Omnitrophia uc	Omnitrophia uc
asv6632	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
asv6633	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv6634	Bacteria	Latescibacterota	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc
asv6635	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv6636	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwelliaceae uc
asv6637	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv6638	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Litoricolaceae	Litoricola
asv6639	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv6640	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv6641	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
asv6642	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv6643	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionales uc	Cellvibrionales uc
asv6645	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halioglobus
asv6646	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
asv6647	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv6648	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv6649	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS4
asv6650	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv6651	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Aureispira
asv6652	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HOC36	HOC36 uc	HOC36 uc
asv6653	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade IV	SAR11 Clade IV uc
asv6654	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv6655	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade IV	SAR11 Clade IV uc
asv6656	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales uc	Rickettsiales uc
asv6657	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv6658	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
asv6659	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv6660	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv6661	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
asv6662	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionaceae	Micavibrionaceae uc
asv6663	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aurantivirga
asv6664	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv6665	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv6666	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv6667	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv6668	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Shewanella
asv6669	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
asv6671	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
asv6672	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillaceae	Rhodospirillaceae uc
asv6673	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv6674	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionales uc	Cellvibrionales uc
asv6675	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
asv6676	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv6677	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv6678	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv6679	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Victivallales	Arctic95B-14	Arctic95B-14 uc
asv6680	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
asv6681	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv6682	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus
asv6683	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
asv6684	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
asv6685	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
asv6686	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
asv6687	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv6688	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv6689	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Rubritalea
asv6691	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halioglobus
asv6692	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
asv6693	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv6694	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv6695	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Marinifilaceae	Marinifilaceae uc
asv6696	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv6697	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv6699	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
asv6700	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Microbacterium
asv6701	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv6702	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv6703	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv6704	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	JG30-KF-CM66	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc
asv6705	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Veillonellales-Selenomonadales	Veillonellaceae	Veillonella
asv6707	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
asv6708	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
asv6709	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv6710	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv6711	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv6712	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
asv6713	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv6714	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
asv6715	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv6717	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Weeksellaceae	Weeksellaceae uc
asv6718	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Altererythrobacter
asv6719	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	JL-ETNP-F27
asv6720	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Granulosicoccales	Granulosicoccaceae	Granulosicoccus
asv6722	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv6723	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Rubidimonas
asv6724	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv6725	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv6726	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Paraglaciecola
asv6727	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv6728	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc
asv6729	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Rubritalea
asv6730	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
asv6731	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv6732	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv6733	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv6734	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv6735	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Marinicella
asv6736	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv6737	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
asv6738	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
asv6739	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Chlamydiae	Chlamydiales	Chlamydiales uc	Chlamydiales uc
asv6740	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisella
asv6741	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionellaceae uc
asv6742	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_26	Subgroup_26 uc	Subgroup_26 uc	Subgroup_26 uc
asv6743	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
asv6744	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv6745	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
asv6746	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv6747	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv6748	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv6749	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv6750	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv6751	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	Cand_Puniceispirillum
asv6752	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv6753	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillaceae	Rhodospirillaceae uc
asv6754	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv6755	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Lewinella
asv6756	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
asv6757	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	JL-ETNP-F27
asv6758	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv6759	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Weeksellaceae	Chryseobacterium
asv6760	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv6761	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv6762	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv6763	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Ascidiaceihabitans
asv6764	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HOC36	HOC36 uc	HOC36 uc
asv6765	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Hyphomonadaceae uc
asv6766	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halioglobus
asv6767	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
asv6768	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
asv6769	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
asv6770	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Psychroserpens
asv6771	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	NAC11-7
asv6772	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
asv6773	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc
asv6774	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Parvularculaceae	Marinicaulis
asv6775	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Methyloligellaceae	Methyloligellaceae uc
asv6777	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv6778	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv6779	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	vadinHA49	vadinHA49 uc	vadinHA49 uc	vadinHA49 uc
asv6780	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv6781	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv6782	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Ascidiaceihabitans
asv6783	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv6784	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv6785	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv6786	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorpha
asv6787	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
asv6788	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv6789	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
asv6790	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv6791	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lutibacter
asv6792	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv6793	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	CL500-3
asv6794	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rubripirellula
asv6795	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Allorhizobium-Neorhizobium-Pararhizobium-Rhizobium
asv6796	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Algimonas
asv6797	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv6798	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Dasania
asv6799	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
asv6800	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv6801	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv6802	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobulbia	Desulfobulbales	Desulfocapsaceae	SEEP-SRB4
asv6803	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
asv6804	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv6805	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halioglobus
asv6806	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiohalorhabdales	Thiohalorhabdaceae	Thiohalorhabdaceae uc
asv6807	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv6808	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv6809	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium
asv6810	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Rhodocyclaceae	Dechlorosoma
asv6811	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv6812	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_5	Subgroup_5 uc	Subgroup_5 uc	Subgroup_5 uc
asv6813	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv6814	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv6815	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
asv6816	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	SM1A02
asv6817	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv6818	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Dasania
asv6819	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	Sphingobacteriales uc	Sphingobacteriales uc
asv6821	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv6822	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
asv6823	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv6824	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv6825	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv6826	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Persicirhabdus
asv6827	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv6828	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	JTB23	JTB23 uc	JTB23 uc
asv6829	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Shewanella
asv6830	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_26	Subgroup_26 uc	Subgroup_26 uc	Subgroup_26 uc
asv6831	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv6832	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	P9X2b3D02	P9X2b3D02 uc	P9X2b3D02 uc	P9X2b3D02 uc
asv6833	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Methylococcales	Cycloclasticaceae	Cycloclasticus
asv6834	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lutimonas
asv6835	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	053A03-B-DI-P58	053A03-B-DI-P58 uc	053A03-B-DI-P58 uc
asv6836	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv6837	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv6839	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	UBA12409	UBA12409 uc
asv6840	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv6841	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv6843	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
asv6844	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv6845	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv6846	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Bythopirellula
asv6847	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	Methylotenera
asv6848	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv6849	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv6850	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	S25-593	S25-593 uc
asv6851	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv6852	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
asv6853	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv6854	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionaceae	Micavibrionaceae uc
asv6855	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv6857	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv6858	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv6859	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv6860	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmata_or	Thermoplasmata_fa	Marine_Group_III
asv6861	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
asv6862	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionella
asv6863	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
asv6864	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv6865	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv6866	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
asv6867	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
asv6868	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv6869	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv6870	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
asv6871	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Altererythrobacter
asv6872	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	P0X4b2H11	P0X4b2H11 uc	P0X4b2H11 uc
asv6873	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv6875	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
asv6876	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv6877	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv6878	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv6879	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
asv6880	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv6881	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv6882	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv6883	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv6884	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
asv6885	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales uc	Rickettsiales uc
asv6886	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Cryobacterium
asv6887	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv6888	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv6889	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	S25-593	S25-593 uc
asv6890	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	JG30-KF-CM66	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc
asv6891	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionaceae	Micavibrionaceae uc
asv6892	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv6893	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
asv6894	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv6895	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Bacteriovoracaceae uc
asv6896	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobulbia	Desulfobulbales	Desulfocapsaceae	Desulfocapsaceae uc
asv6897	Bacteria	Hydrogenedentes	Hydrogenedentia	Hydrogenedentiales	Hydrogenedensaceae	Hydrogenedensaceae uc
asv6898	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Reyranellales	Reyranellaceae	Reyranella
asv6899	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Persicirhabdus
asv6900	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
asv6901	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv6902	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv6903	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Fokiniaceae	MD3-55
asv6904	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
asv6905	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
asv6906	Bacteria	Dadabacteria	Dadabacteriia	Dadabacteriales	Dadabacteriales uc	Dadabacteriales uc
asv6907	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv6908	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sedimentitalea
asv6909	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv6910	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv6911	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv6912	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv6913	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv6914	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
asv6915	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc
asv6916	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv6917	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
asv6918	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS3a
asv6919	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv6921	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	OM60(NOR5)
asv6922	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv6923	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv6924	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Octadecabacter
asv6925	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv6926	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv6927	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv6928	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv6929	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv6930	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv6931	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv6932	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv6933	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Octadecabacter
asv6934	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv6935	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriales uc	Flavobacteriales uc
asv6936	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	JTB23	JTB23 uc	JTB23 uc
asv6937	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
asv6938	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhodobiaceae	Amorphus
asv6939	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Nannocystales	Nannocystaceae	Nannocystaceae uc
asv6940	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
asv6941	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Carnobacteriaceae	Carnobacterium
asv6942	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionellaceae uc
asv6943	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv6944	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Polyangiales	Sandaracinaceae	Sandaracinus
asv6945	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
asv6946	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv6947	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv6948	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lacinutrix
asv6949	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv6950	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
asv6951	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv6952	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv6953	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv6954	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv6955	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv6956	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv6957	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Subgroup_9	Subgroup_9 uc	Subgroup_9 uc
asv6958	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	Lentimicrobiaceae	Lentimicrobiaceae uc
asv6959	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv6960	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Curvibacter
asv6962	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv6963	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv6964	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv6965	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
asv6966	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv6967	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
asv6968	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
asv6969	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Euryhalocaulis
asv6970	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Roseibacillus
asv6971	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv6972	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv6973	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv6974	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv6975	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Lentibacter
asv6976	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv6977	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv6978	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv6979	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kiloniellales	Kiloniellaceae	Kiloniellaceae uc
asv6980	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Shewanella
asv6981	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
asv6982	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales_fa	Anaerococcus
asv6984	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv6985	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
asv6986	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv6987	Bacteria	Patescibacteria	Gracilibacteria	Cand_Peregrinibacteria	Cand_Peregrinibacteria uc	Cand_Peregrinibacteria uc
asv6989	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
asv6990	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv6991	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Amylibacter
asv6992	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Novosphingobium
asv6993	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv6994	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv6995	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv6996	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS4
asv6997	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv6998	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv6999	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv7000	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv7001	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv7002	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv7003	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
asv7004	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	KD4-96	KD4-96 uc	KD4-96 uc	KD4-96 uc
asv7005	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Reichenbachiella
asv7006	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ga0077536	Ga0077536 uc	Ga0077536 uc
asv7007	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv7008	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
asv7009	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Piscirickettsiales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Cand_Endoecteinascidia
asv7010	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv7011	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Aureispira
asv7012	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
asv7013	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
asv7014	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv7015	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Nitrosococcaceae	AqS1
asv7016	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
asv7017	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Novosphingobium
asv7018	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Ascidiaceihabitans
asv7019	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Paucibacter
asv7020	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv7021	Bacteria	Deinococcota	Deinococci	Deinococcales	Trueperaceae	Truepera
asv7022	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Ardenticatenales	Ardenticatenales uc	Ardenticatenales uc
asv7023	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Shewanella
asv7024	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
asv7025	Bacteria	Hydrogenedentes	Hydrogenedentia	Hydrogenedentiales	Hydrogenedensaceae	Hydrogenedensaceae uc
asv7026	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv7027	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Pedosphaerales	Pedosphaeraceae	SCGC_AAA164-E04
asv7028	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Thiotrichaceae	Thiotrichaceae uc
asv7029	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv7030	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv7031	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
asv7032	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Bradymonadales	Bradymonadales uc	Bradymonadales uc
asv7033	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
asv7034	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv7035	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv7036	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv7037	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
asv7038	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv7039	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Allofrancisella
asv7040	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
asv7041	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Parafrigoribacterium
asv7042	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	TK17	TK17 uc	TK17 uc	TK17 uc
asv7043	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv7046	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	SM1A02
asv7047	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriales uc	Flavobacteriales uc
asv7048	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv7049	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	SG8-4	SG8-4 uc
asv7050	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lutibacter
asv7051	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv7052	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
asv7053	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv7054	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv7055	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	FS140-16B-02
asv7056	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacteraceae	Vicinamibacteraceae uc
asv7057	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv7058	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv7059	Bacteria	Hydrogenedentes	Hydrogenedentia	Hydrogenedentiales	Hydrogenedensaceae	Hydrogenedensaceae uc
asv7060	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv7061	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Robiginitomaculum
asv7062	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv7063	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv7064	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla4_lineage	Pla4_lineage uc	Pla4_lineage uc	Pla4_lineage uc
asv7065	Bacteria	Deinococcota	Deinococci	Deinococcales	Deinococcaceae	Deinococcus
asv7066	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Rhodothermia	Rhodothermales	Rhodothermaceae	Rubrivirga
asv7067	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Sediminibacterium
asv7068	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv7069	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Yoonia-Loktanella
asv7071	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Xanthobacteraceae	Bradyrhizobium
asv7072	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
asv7073	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Actinomycetales	Actinomycetaceae	Actinomyces
asv7074	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Fokiniaceae	MD3-55
asv7075	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv7076	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv7077	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	AB1	AB1 uc
asv7078	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Polymorphobacter
asv7079	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv7080	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
asv7081	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv7082	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv7083	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv7084	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	BD7-11	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc
asv7086	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Thalassobaculales	Thalassobaculales uc	Thalassobaculales uc
asv7087	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv7088	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv7089	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
asv7090	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv7091	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv7092	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv7094	Bacteria	Myxococcota	bacteriap25	bacteriap25 uc	bacteriap25 uc	bacteriap25 uc
asv7095	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
asv7096	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
asv7097	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv7098	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
asv7099	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Tenderiales	Tenderiaceae	Cand_Tenderia
asv7100	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv7101	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv7102	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv7103	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv7104	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospiraceae uc
asv7105	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Granulosicoccales	Granulosicoccaceae	Granulosicoccus
asv7106	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv7107	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
asv7108	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Spongiibacteraceae uc
asv7109	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
asv7110	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
asv7111	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	Babeliales uc	Babeliales uc
asv7112	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Algimonas
asv7113	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
asv7114	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriales uc	Flavobacteriales uc
asv7115	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
asv7116	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv7117	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv7118	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv7119	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	AKAU3564_sediment_group	AKAU3564_sediment_group uc
asv7120	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavicella
asv7121	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv7122	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	Woesearchaeales uc	Woesearchaeales uc
asv7123	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Parasphingopyxis
asv7124	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Ekhidna
asv7125	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Actinomarinales	Actinomarinales uc	Actinomarinales uc
asv7126	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv7127	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Roseibacillus
asv7128	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
asv7129	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	BD7-11	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc
asv7130	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv7131	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacteria	Desulfobacterales	Desulfosarcinaceae	SEEP-SRB1
asv7132	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv7133	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
asv7134	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv7136	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv7137	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv7138	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv7139	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv7140	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Actinomarinales	Actinomarinales uc	Actinomarinales uc
asv7141	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	Sphingobacteriaceae	Pedobacter
asv7142	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv7143	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Staphylococcales	Staphylococcaceae	Staphylococcus
asv7144	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv7145	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv7146	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Beijerinckiaceae	Methylobacterium-Methylorubrum
asv7147	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Bernardetiaceae	Garritya
asv7148	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
asv7149	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv7150	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc
asv7151	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Actibacter
asv7153	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv7154	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
asv7155	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
asv7156	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
asv7157	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sandarakinorhabdus
asv7158	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aquibacter
asv7159	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
asv7161	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
asv7162	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Winogradskyella
asv7163	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Fokiniaceae	MD3-55
asv7164	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales_fa	Anaerococcus
asv7165	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	KD4-96	KD4-96 uc	KD4-96 uc	KD4-96 uc
asv7166	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv7167	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HOC36	HOC36 uc	HOC36 uc
asv7168	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Arcticiflavibacter
asv7169	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Spongiibacteraceae uc
asv7170	Bacteria	Dadabacteria	Dadabacteriia	Dadabacteriales	Dadabacteriales uc	Dadabacteriales uc
asv7172	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv7173	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv7174	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
asv7175	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
asv7176	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Spirosomaceae	Emticicia
asv7177	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Comamonadaceae uc
asv7178	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	S25-593	S25-593 uc
asv7179	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv7180	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Methylophagaceae	Methylophagaceae uc
asv7181	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ectothiorhodospirales	Ectothiorhodospiraceae	Ectothiorhodospiraceae uc
asv7182	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv7183	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	SM23-30	SM23-30 uc
asv7184	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv7185	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
asv7186	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv7187	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Paracaedibacterales	Paracaedibacteraceae	Cand_Captivus
asv7188	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Formosa
asv7189	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv7190	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv7191	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv7192	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv7193	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv7194	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Leifsonia
asv7195	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv7196	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv7197	Bacteria	Hydrogenedentes	Hydrogenedentia	Hydrogenedentiales	Hydrogenedensaceae	Hydrogenedensaceae uc
asv7198	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv7199	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	Sphingobacteriaceae	Pedobacter
asv7200	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv7201	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv7202	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	Puniceispirillales uc	Puniceispirillales uc
asv7203	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv7205	Bacteria	Latescibacterota	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc
asv7206	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Ekhidna
asv7207	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	0319-6G20	0319-6G20 uc	0319-6G20 uc
asv7208	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv7209	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv7210	Bacteria	Campilobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Arcobacteraceae uc
asv7211	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv7212	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv7213	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Marinicella
asv7214	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv7215	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Photobacterium
asv7216	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Halobacteriovorax
asv7217	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
asv7218	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv7219	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv7220	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv7221	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
asv7222	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv7223	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	C1-B045
asv7224	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv7225	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
asv7226	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Fokiniaceae	MD3-55
asv7227	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv7228	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv7229	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Reichenbachiella
asv7230	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Marinicella
asv7232	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwelliaceae uc
asv7233	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv7234	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv7235	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
asv7236	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv7237	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionaceae	Micavibrionaceae uc
asv7238	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Bythopirellula
asv7239	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv7240	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv7241	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv7242	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv7243	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv7244	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv7245	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
asv7246	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv7247	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv7248	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Psychromonadaceae	Psychromonas
asv7249	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv7250	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
asv7251	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Rhodanobacteraceae	Dokdonella
asv7252	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
asv7253	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv7254	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv7255	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Nannocystales	Nannocystaceae	Nannocystaceae uc
asv7256	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter
asv7257	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Paracoccus
asv7258	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Weeksellaceae	Cloacibacterium
asv7259	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Cyanobacteriia	Synechococcales	Cyanobiaceae	Synechococcus
asv7260	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
asv7261	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv7262	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales_fa	Anaerococcus
asv7263	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Arenicellales	Arenicellaceae	Arenicella
asv7264	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv7265	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv7266	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv7267	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS4
asv7268	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
asv7269	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	Methylophilus
asv7270	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv7271	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Actinomarinales	Actinomarinaceae	Cand_Actinomarina
asv7272	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
asv7273	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv7274	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv7275	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
asv7276	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv7277	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	028H05-P-BN-P5	028H05-P-BN-P5 uc	028H05-P-BN-P5 uc	028H05-P-BN-P5 uc
asv7278	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Cyanobacteriia	Cyanobacteriia uc	Cyanobacteriia uc	Cyanobacteriia uc
asv7279	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	OM60(NOR5)
asv7280	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
asv7281	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv7282	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Marimicrobium
asv7283	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
asv7284	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Caulobacteraceae	Brevundimonas
asv7285	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomicaceae uc
asv7286	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
asv7287	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv7288	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv7289	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv7291	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
asv7292	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade III	SAR11 Clade III uc
asv7293	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
asv7294	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv7295	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwelliaceae uc
asv7297	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacteria	Desulfobacterales	Desulfosarcinaceae	Sva0081_sediment_group
asv7298	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv7299	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv7300	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmata_or	Thermoplasmata_fa	Marine_Group_III
asv7301	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv7302	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv7303	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
asv7304	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv7305	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
asv7306	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
asv7307	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv7308	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv7309	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter
asv7310	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Nitrosomonadaceae	Nitrosomonas
asv7311	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Cyanobacteriia	Cyanobacteriales	Chroococcidiopsaceae	Aliterella
asv7312	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Terasakiellaceae	Terasakiellaceae uc
asv7313	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv7314	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
asv7315	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv7316	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
asv7317	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv7318	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ectothiorhodospirales	Ectothiorhodospiraceae	Ectothiorhodospiraceae uc
asv7319	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
asv7320	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Oxalobacteraceae	Undibacterium
asv7321	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Marinoscillum
asv7322	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Lewinella
asv7323	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
asv7324	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	NAC11-7
asv7325	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv7326	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla3_lineage	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc
asv7327	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv7328	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
asv7329	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Staphylococcales	Staphylococcaceae	Staphylococcus
asv7330	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	Sphingobacteriaceae	Pedobacter
asv7331	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv7332	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	JTB23	JTB23 uc	JTB23 uc
asv7333	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade IV	SAR11 Clade IV uc
asv7334	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv7336	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
asv7337	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
asv7338	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Thiotrichaceae	Thiotrichaceae uc
asv7339	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Blfdi19	Blfdi19 uc	Blfdi19 uc
asv7340	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Marinicella
asv7341	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Veillonellales-Selenomonadales	Veillonellaceae	Veillonella
asv7342	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv7343	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
asv7344	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sedimentitalea
asv7345	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Acidovorax
asv7346	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisella
asv7347	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales uc	Rickettsiales uc
asv7349	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv7350	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
asv7351	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
asv7352	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
asv7353	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv7354	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Granulosicoccales	Granulosicoccaceae	Granulosicoccus
asv7355	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
asv7356	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Ulvibacter
asv7357	Bacteria	Latescibacterota	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc
asv7359	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv7360	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS4
asv7361	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv7362	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	028H05-P-BN-P5	028H05-P-BN-P5 uc	028H05-P-BN-P5 uc	028H05-P-BN-P5 uc
asv7363	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv7364	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv7365	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv7366	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv7367	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Planctomycetales uc	Planctomycetales uc
asv7368	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Reyranellales	Reyranellaceae	Reyranella
asv7369	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Thalassobaculales	Nisaeaceae	OM75
asv7370	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv7371	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv7372	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
asv7373	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv7374	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	EF100-94H03	EF100-94H03 uc
asv7375	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Methylophagaceae	Methylophagaceae uc
asv7376	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv7377	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv7378	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	Vermiphilaceae	Vermiphilaceae uc
asv7379	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv7380	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv7381	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv7382	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv7383	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv7384	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS4
asv7385	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv7386	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
asv7387	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv7389	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv7390	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv7391	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv7392	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv7393	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv7394	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv7396	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv7397	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv7398	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomicaceae uc
asv7399	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv7400	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria uc	Actinobacteria uc	Actinobacteria uc
asv7401	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv7402	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionaceae	Maricurvus
asv7403	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv7404	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pasteurellales	Pasteurellaceae	Haemophilus
asv7405	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Lentimonas
asv7406	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Kapabacteria	Kapabacteriales	Kapabacteriales uc	Kapabacteriales uc
asv7407	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
asv7408	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
asv7409	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Erythrobacter
asv7410	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Aureispira
asv7411	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv7412	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Paraglaciecola
asv7413	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv7414	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
asv7415	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv7416	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kiloniellales	Kiloniellaceae	Kiloniellaceae uc
asv7417	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv7418	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rubripirellula
asv7419	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Marinicella
asv7420	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	GW2011_GWC1_47_15	GW2011_GWC1_47_15 uc
asv7421	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
asv7422	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	MWH-UniP1_aquatic_group	MWH-UniP1_aquatic_group uc
asv7423	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	Kiritimatiellales	Kiritimatiellaceae	R76-B128
asv7424	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
asv7425	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv7426	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv7427	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
asv7428	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Thermoleophilia	Solirubrobacterales	67-14	67-14 uc
asv7429	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv7430	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv7431	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Rubritalea
asv7432	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv7433	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Puniceicoccaceae uc
asv7434	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv7435	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
asv7436	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	TK17	TK17 uc	TK17 uc	TK17 uc
asv7437	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv7438	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
asv7439	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Microbulbiferaceae	Microbulbifer
asv7440	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
asv7441	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Granulosicoccales	Granulosicoccaceae	Granulosicoccus
asv7442	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
asv7443	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv7444	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Beijerinckiaceae	Methylobacterium-Methylorubrum
asv7445	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ga0077536	Ga0077536 uc	Ga0077536 uc
asv7446	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
asv7447	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv7449	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Microbacteriaceae uc
asv7450	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Amylibacter
asv7451	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc
asv7452	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Formosa
asv7453	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Marimicrobium
asv7455	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv7456	Bacteria	Campilobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Sulfurovaceae	Sulfurovum
asv7457	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv7458	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Kangiellaceae	Kangiellaceae uc
asv7459	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv7460	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv7461	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
asv7462	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
asv7463	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv7464	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv7465	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv7466	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv7467	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv7468	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv7469	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv7470	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Methylophagaceae	Marine_Methylotrophic_Group_3
asv7472	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv7473	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Oxalobacteraceae	Collimonas
asv7474	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Litoricolaceae	Litoricola
asv7475	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv7476	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv7477	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Weeksellaceae	Apibacter
asv7478	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Nitrosococcaceae	MSB-1D1
asv7479	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv7480	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Fokiniaceae	MD3-55
asv7481	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sedimentitalea
asv7482	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv7483	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
asv7484	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv7485	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
asv7486	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv7487	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Oxalobacteraceae	Massilia
asv7488	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv7489	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
asv7490	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
asv7491	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Glaciecola
asv7492	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
asv7493	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HOC36	HOC36 uc	HOC36 uc
asv7494	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv7495	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Shewanella
asv7496	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	JG30-KF-CM66	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc
asv7497	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	JL-ETNP-F27
asv7498	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv7500	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla3_lineage	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc
asv7501	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aquibacter
asv7502	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
asv7503	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv7504	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv7505	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingorhabdus
asv7506	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv7508	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv7509	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Psychromonadaceae	Psychromonas
asv7510	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
asv7511	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Nitrosococcaceae	Cm1-21
asv7512	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
asv7513	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
asv7514	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aurantivirga
asv7515	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Psychromonadaceae	Psychromonas
asv7516	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Cand_Megaira
asv7517	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Halomonadaceae	Halomonas
asv7518	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
asv7519	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Winogradskyella
asv7520	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv7521	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv7522	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv7523	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv7524	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv7525	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv7526	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	S25-593	S25-593 uc
asv7527	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Rubritalea
asv7528	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv7529	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Chlamydiae	Chlamydiales	Chlamydiales uc	Chlamydiales uc
asv7530	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv7531	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	Sphingobacteriaceae	Pedobacter
asv7532	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv7533	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
asv7534	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv7535	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv7536	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	AB1	AB1 uc
asv7537	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Nonlabens
asv7538	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv7539	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Roseovarius
asv7540	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv7541	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kordiimonadales	Kordiimonadales uc	Kordiimonadales uc
asv7542	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv7543	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv7544	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv7545	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	Sphingobacteriales uc	Sphingobacteriales uc
asv7546	Bacteria	Campilobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Arcobacteraceae uc
asv7547	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv7548	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Ulvibacter
asv7549	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Rubinisphaeraceae	Planctomicrobium
asv7550	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv7551	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	BD7-11	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc
asv7552	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
asv7553	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv7554	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv7555	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv7556	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter
asv7557	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
asv7558	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv7559	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv7560	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
asv7561	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv7562	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv7563	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales_fa	Pseudobacteriovorax
asv7564	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv7565	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv7566	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Blfdi19	Blfdi19 uc	Blfdi19 uc
asv7567	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv7568	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv7569	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
asv7571	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaerales	Lentisphaeraceae	Lentisphaera
asv7573	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv7574	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
asv7575	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillaceae	Rhodospirillaceae uc
asv7576	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HOC36	HOC36 uc	HOC36 uc
asv7577	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv7578	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv7579	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv7580	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv7581	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lacinutrix
asv7582	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv7583	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv7585	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	Sphingobacteriaceae	Pedobacter
asv7586	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv7587	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv7588	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv7589	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Amylibacter
asv7590	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Chloroflexi uc	Chloroflexi uc	Chloroflexi uc	Chloroflexi uc
asv7591	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv7592	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Novosphingobium
asv7593	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Dokdonia
asv7594	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv7595	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	JG30-KF-CM66	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc
asv7596	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv7597	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Iamiaceae	Iamia
asv7598	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
asv7599	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionaceae	Micavibrionaceae uc
asv7600	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv7601	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ectothiorhodospirales	Ectothiorhodospiraceae	Ectothiorhodospiraceae uc
asv7602	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Methylophagaceae	Methylophagaceae uc
asv7603	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sedimentitalea
asv7604	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv7605	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Roseibacillus
asv7606	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv7607	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv7608	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv7609	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv7610	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Winogradskyella
asv7611	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv7613	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv7614	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
asv7615	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Acidobacteriae	PAUC26f	PAUC26f uc	PAUC26f uc
asv7616	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Spongiibacteraceae uc
asv7617	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv7618	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionaceae	Cellvibrio
asv7619	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Amoebophilaceae	Cand_Amoebophilus
asv7620	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv7621	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv7622	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv7623	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacteria	Desulfobacterales	Desulfosarcinaceae	Desulfosarcinaceae uc
asv7624	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
asv7625	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv7626	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
asv7627	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
asv7628	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Pseudophaeobacter
asv7629	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv7630	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv7631	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv7632	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Roseovarius
asv7633	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv7634	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Actibacterium
asv7635	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv7636	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
asv7637	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv7639	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv7640	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv7641	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	AT-s2-59	AT-s2-59 uc	AT-s2-59 uc
asv7643	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
asv7644	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc
asv7645	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv7646	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
asv7647	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv7648	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv7649	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv7650	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
asv7651	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv7652	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Thalassobaculales	Nisaeaceae	OM75
asv7653	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvibaculales	Parvibaculales uc	Parvibaculales uc
asv7654	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	JG30-KF-CM66	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc
asv7655	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv7656	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaerales	Lentisphaeraceae	Lentisphaera
asv7657	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	NS10
asv7658	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv7659	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobulbia	Desulfobulbales	Desulfocapsaceae	Desulfotalea
asv7660	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv7661	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
asv7662	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
asv7663	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Pseudofulvibacter
asv7664	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
asv7665	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Haliangiales	Haliangiaceae	Haliangium
asv7668	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Cand_Megaira
asv7669	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Reichenbachiella
asv7670	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
asv7671	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv7672	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
asv7673	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv7674	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv7675	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv7676	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv7677	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Thermoleophilia	Solirubrobacterales	67-14	67-14 uc
asv7678	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv7679	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Stenotrophomonas
asv7680	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv7681	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv7682	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
asv7683	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv7685	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Micrococcaceae	Rothia
asv7686	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
asv7688	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
asv7689	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Polyangiales	Eel-36e1D6	Eel-36e1D6 uc
asv7690	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv7691	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriales uc	Flavobacteriales uc
asv7692	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Saccharospirillaceae	Oleispira
asv7693	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv7694	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
asv7695	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv7696	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EV818SWSAP88	EV818SWSAP88 uc	EV818SWSAP88 uc
asv7698	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv7699	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
asv7700	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionaceae	Micavibrionaceae uc
asv7702	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	BD7-11	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc
asv7703	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
asv7704	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade IV	SAR11 Clade IV uc
asv7705	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv7706	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv7707	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HgCo23	HgCo23 uc	HgCo23 uc
asv7708	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
asv7709	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
asv7710	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Marinicella
asv7711	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
asv7712	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv7713	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
asv7714	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv7715	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv7716	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	AB1	AB1 uc
asv7717	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv7718	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
asv7719	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv7720	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv7721	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv7722	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
asv7723	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv7724	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	028H05-P-BN-P5	028H05-P-BN-P5 uc	028H05-P-BN-P5 uc	028H05-P-BN-P5 uc
asv7725	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
asv7726	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ectothiorhodospirales	Ectothiorhodospiraceae	Ectothiorhodospiraceae uc
asv7727	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv7728	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv7729	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	UBA12409	UBA12409 uc
asv7730	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	BD7-8	BD7-8 uc	BD7-8 uc
asv7731	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
asv7732	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv7733	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionella
asv7734	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Piscirickettsiales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Cand_Endoecteinascidia
asv7735	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
asv7736	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Olleya
asv7737	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Mesonia
asv7738	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
asv7739	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
asv7740	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobulbia	Desulfobulbales	Desulfocapsaceae	Desulfocapsaceae uc
asv7742	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
asv7743	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv7744	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv7745	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv7746	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HgCo23	HgCo23 uc	HgCo23 uc
asv7747	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv7748	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
asv7749	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacteria	Desulfobacterales	Desulfosarcinaceae	Sva0081_sediment_group
asv7750	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Nitrosomonadaceae	IS-44
asv7751	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv7752	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv7753	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv7754	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv7755	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Propionibacteriales	Nocardioidaceae	Nocardioides
asv7756	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv7757	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Actinomarinales	Actinomarinales uc	Actinomarinales uc
asv7758	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv7759	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Dermacoccaceae	Kytococcus
asv7760	Bacteria	Dadabacteria	Dadabacteriia	Dadabacteriales	Dadabacteriales uc	Dadabacteriales uc
asv7761	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionella
asv7762	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Pelagicoccus
asv7764	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv7765	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Enhydrobacter
asv7766	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv7767	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv7768	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Rubinisphaeraceae	Rubinisphaeraceae uc
asv7769	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Limibaculum
asv7770	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Spongiibacteraceae uc
asv7771	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv7772	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionellaceae uc
asv7773	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
asv7774	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv7775	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter
asv7776	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv7777	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv7778	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv7779	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
asv7780	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv7781	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv7782	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv7783	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
asv7784	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
asv7785	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Saccharospirillaceae	Saccharospirillaceae uc
asv7786	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv7787	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv7788	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv7790	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv7794	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Sva1033	Sva1033 uc	Sva1033 uc
asv7795	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
asv7796	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Cellulophaga
asv7797	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
asv7798	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Paracaedibacterales	Paracaedibacteraceae	Paracaedibacteraceae uc
asv7799	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv7800	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv7801	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv7803	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Haloferula
asv7804	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Amoebophilaceae	Cand_Amoebophilus
asv7805	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	AB1	AB1 uc
asv7806	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
asv7807	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Rhizobiaceae uc
asv7808	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
asv7809	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Nitrosococcaceae	AqS1
asv7810	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv7811	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
asv7812	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
asv7814	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
asv7815	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	NRL2	NRL2 uc	NRL2 uc
asv7816	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
asv7817	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	S25-593	S25-593 uc
asv7818	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Maricaulis
asv7819	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv7820	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv7821	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Algicola
asv7822	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	BD7-11	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc
asv7823	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
asv7824	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv7825	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ga0077536	Ga0077536 uc	Ga0077536 uc
asv7826	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv7827	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv7828	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
asv7829	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
asv7830	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv7831	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	Sphingobacteriales uc	Sphingobacteriales uc
asv7832	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
asv7833	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv7834	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv7835	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
asv7836	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv7837	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Dermabacteraceae	Brachybacterium
asv7838	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
asv7839	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv7840	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv7841	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
asv7842	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv7843	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv7844	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv7845	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv7846	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv7847	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv7848	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
asv7849	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
asv7851	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
asv7852	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Paraglaciecola
asv7853	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv7854	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
asv7855	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv7856	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv7857	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Cerasicoccus
asv7858	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Rubinisphaeraceae	Rubinisphaeraceae uc
asv7859	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv7860	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv7861	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv7862	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv7863	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv7864	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv7865	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv7866	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv7867	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	Woesearchaeales uc	Woesearchaeales uc
asv7868	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv7869	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv7870	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Nannocystales	Nannocystaceae	Nannocystaceae uc
asv7871	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Cognatiyoonia
asv7873	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv7874	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus
asv7875	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
asv7876	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv7877	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Thalassobaculales	Nisaeaceae	OM75
asv7878	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomicaceae uc
asv7879	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv7880	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv7882	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv7883	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
asv7884	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv7885	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv7886	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
asv7887	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	SG8-4	SG8-4 uc
asv7888	Bacteria	AncK6	AncK6 uc	AncK6 uc	AncK6 uc	AncK6 uc
asv7889	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ga0077536	Ga0077536 uc	Ga0077536 uc
asv7890	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv7891	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Beijerinckiaceae	Methylobacterium-Methylorubrum
asv7892	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionaceae	Micavibrionaceae uc
asv7893	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv7894	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
asv7895	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
asv7896	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Ferruginibacter
asv7897	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaeria uc	Lentisphaeria uc	Lentisphaeria uc
asv7898	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
asv7899	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv7900	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	PeM15	PeM15 uc	PeM15 uc
asv7901	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv7902	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Nitrosococcaceae	MSB-1D1
asv7903	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Arenicellales	Arenicellaceae	Arenicella
asv7904	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Cand_Megaira
asv7905	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv7906	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv7907	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
asv7908	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Glaciecola
asv7909	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv7910	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	SM1A02
asv7911	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv7912	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv7913	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv7914	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv7915	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella
asv7916	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv7917	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	NS10
asv7918	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
asv7919	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv7920	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv7921	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
asv7922	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Formosa
asv7923	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Ulvibacter
asv7924	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv7925	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv7926	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionellaceae uc
asv7927	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv7928	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv7929	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv7930	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv7931	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv7932	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
asv7933	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv7934	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Arenicellales	Arenicellaceae	Arenicellaceae uc
asv7935	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv7936	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv7937	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter
asv7938	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Planktotalea
asv7939	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter
asv7940	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
asv7941	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Rubinisphaeraceae	Rubinisphaeraceae uc
asv7942	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv7943	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv7944	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
asv7945	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Cyanobacteriia	Cyanobacteriia uc	Cyanobacteriia uc	Cyanobacteriia uc
asv7946	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv7947	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
asv7948	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Hafniaceae	Hafnia-Obesumbacterium
asv7949	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
asv7950	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv7951	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv7952	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Bradymonadales	Bradymonadales uc	Bradymonadales uc
asv7953	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	CL500-3
asv7954	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium_sensu_stricto_10
asv7955	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv7956	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobulbia	Desulfobulbales	Desulfocapsaceae	Desulfocapsa
asv7957	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	SM2D12	SM2D12 uc
asv7958	Bacteria	Nitrospirota	Nitrospiria	Nitrospirales	Nitrospiraceae	Nitrospira
asv7959	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Brevibacteriaceae	Brevibacterium
asv7960	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Ardenticatenales	Ardenticatenales uc	Ardenticatenales uc
asv7961	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Methylophagaceae	Methylophagaceae uc
asv7962	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium_sensu_stricto_1
asv7963	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Actinomycetales	Actinomycetaceae	Actinomyces
asv7964	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Moraxella
asv7965	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Dermacoccaceae	Dermacoccaceae uc
asv7966	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv7967	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv7968	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Rubinisphaeraceae	Rubinisphaeraceae uc
asv7969	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Paraglaciecola
asv7970	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	RF39	RF39 uc	RF39 uc
asv7971	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
asv7972	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Nannocystales	Nannocystaceae	Nannocystis
asv7973	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv7974	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Ulvibacter
asv7975	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	SM23-30	SM23-30 uc
asv7976	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv7977	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Caulobacteraceae	Caulobacter
asv7978	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv7979	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv7980	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv7981	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter
asv7982	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
asv7983	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv7984	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Acetobacterales	Acetobacteraceae	Roseococcus
asv7985	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv7986	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv7987	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
asv7988	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
asv7989	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
asv7990	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kordiimonadales	Kordiimonadales uc	Kordiimonadales uc
asv7991	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv7992	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv7993	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcota uc	Myxococcota uc	Myxococcota uc	Myxococcota uc
asv7994	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv7995	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv7996	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv7997	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
asv7998	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
asv7999	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv8000	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	FS140-16B-02
asv8001	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv8002	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Octadecabacter
asv8003	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Altererythrobacter
asv8004	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv8005	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv8006	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	P9X2b3D02	P9X2b3D02 uc	P9X2b3D02 uc	P9X2b3D02 uc
asv8007	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Shewanella
asv8008	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv8009	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Cognatiyoonia
asv8010	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv8011	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv8013	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv8014	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Paracaedibacterales	Paracaedibacteraceae	Cand_Captivus
asv8015	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
asv8016	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionaceae	Cand_Endobugula
asv8017	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv8018	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv8019	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
asv8020	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Marinicella
asv8021	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
asv8022	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv8023	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
asv8024	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv8025	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv8026	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv8027	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv8028	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv8029	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv8030	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv8031	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv8032	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
asv8033	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group uc	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group uc	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group uc
asv8034	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
asv8035	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	BD7-8	BD7-8 uc	BD7-8 uc
asv8036	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv8037	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv8038	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
asv8039	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	SM23-30	SM23-30 uc
asv8040	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv8041	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv8043	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv8044	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Algoriphagus
asv8045	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Bizionia
asv8047	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv8048	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Albimonas
asv8049	Archaea	Halobacterota	Halobacteria	Halobacterales	Halomicrobiaceae	Halomicrobiaceae uc
asv8050	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Ahrensia
asv8051	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Lewinella
asv8052	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EC3	EC3 uc	EC3 uc
asv8054	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv8055	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv8056	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
asv8057	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv8058	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter
asv8059	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv8060	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
asv8061	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
asv8062	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
asv8063	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Lactococcus
asv8064	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv8065	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Ahrensia
asv8066	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv8067	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv8069	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Parafrigoribacterium
asv8070	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
asv8071	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
asv8072	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Nitrosococcaceae	AqS1
asv8073	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv8074	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Congregibacter
asv8075	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv8076	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	BD7-11	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc
asv8077	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv8078	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Fokiniaceae	Fokiniaceae uc
asv8079	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Actinomarinales	Actinomarinales uc	Actinomarinales uc
asv8080	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv8081	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv8082	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Fokiniaceae	MD3-55
asv8083	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv8084	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Amoebophilaceae	Amoebophilaceae uc
asv8085	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
asv8086	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv8087	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
asv8088	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv8089	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv8090	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	SG8-4	SG8-4 uc
asv8091	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	BD7-11	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc
asv8092	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv8093	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Cyanobacteriia	Synechococcales	Cyanobiaceae	Synechococcus
asv8094	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	AB1	AB1 uc
asv8096	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
asv8097	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Glaciecola
asv8098	Bacteria	Fusobacteriota	Fusobacteriia	Fusobacteriales	Fusobacteriaceae	Fusobacterium
asv8099	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv8100	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv8101	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS4
asv8102	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Puniceicoccaceae uc
asv8103	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Blfdi19	Blfdi19 uc	Blfdi19 uc
asv8104	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv8105	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv8106	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sneathiellales	Sneathiellaceae	Sneathiellaceae uc
asv8107	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv8108	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv8109	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv8110	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
asv8111	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv8112	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
asv8113	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
asv8114	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kordiimonadales	Kordiimonadaceae	Kordiimonas
asv8115	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
asv8116	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv8117	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv8118	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
asv8119	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv8120	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
asv8121	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium
asv8122	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
asv8123	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv8124	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	SM2D12	SM2D12 uc
asv8125	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv8126	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Veillonellales-Selenomonadales	Veillonellaceae	Veillonella
asv8128	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kiloniellales	Kiloniellaceae	Pelagibius
asv8129	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv8130	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv8131	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
asv8132	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Acetobacterales	Acetobacteraceae	Roseomonas
asv8133	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv8134	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv8135	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv8137	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv8138	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc
asv8139	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvibaculales	PS1	PS1 uc
asv8140	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
asv8141	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Ardenticatenales	Ardenticatenales uc	Ardenticatenales uc
asv8142	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
asv8143	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv8144	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv8145	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv8146	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rubripirellula
asv8147	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
asv8148	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
asv8149	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
asv8150	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Blfdi19	Blfdi19 uc	Blfdi19 uc
asv8151	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv8152	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv8153	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
asv8154	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Roseibacillus
asv8155	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv8156	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv8157	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Blfdi19	Blfdi19 uc	Blfdi19 uc
asv8158	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv8159	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc
asv8160	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv8161	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv8162	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	CL500-3
asv8163	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv8164	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv8165	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv8166	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
asv8167	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv8168	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Allofrancisella
asv8169	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	AB1	AB1 uc
asv8170	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv8171	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
asv8172	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv8173	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
asv8174	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
asv8175	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Rubinisphaeraceae	Rubinisphaeraceae uc
asv8176	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv8177	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ectothiorhodospirales	Ectothiorhodospiraceae	Ectothiorhodospiraceae uc
asv8178	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Nannocystales	Nannocystaceae	Nannocystis
asv8179	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv8180	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv8181	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Formosa
asv8182	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv8183	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kiloniellales	Kiloniellaceae	Kiloniellaceae uc
asv8184	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv8185	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
asv8186	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv8187	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv8188	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv8189	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv8190	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
asv8192	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmata_or	Thermoplasmata_fa	Marine_Group_III
asv8193	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv8194	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Caloramatoraceae	Fonticella
asv8195	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Thermoanaerobacteria	Thermoanaerobacterales	Family_III	Thermoanaerobacterium
asv8196	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
asv8197	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
asv8198	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv8199	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv8200	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv8201	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Parvularculaceae	Parvularculaceae uc
asv8202	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Stakelama
asv8203	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv8204	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
asv8205	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Curvibacter
asv8206	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv8207	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv8208	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv8209	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
asv8210	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Ulvibacter
asv8211	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv8212	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv8213	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Aeromonadales	Aeromonadaceae	Tolumonas
asv8214	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Enterobacteriaceae	Klebsiella
asv8215	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
asv8216	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
asv8217	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	P.palmC41	P.palmC41 uc	P.palmC41 uc
asv8218	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv8219	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
asv8220	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv8221	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Xanthobacteraceae	Afipia
asv8222	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Tenderiales	Tenderiaceae	Cand_Tenderia
asv8223	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv8224	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
asv8225	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_5	Subgroup_5 uc	Subgroup_5 uc	Subgroup_5 uc
asv8226	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Brumimicrobium
asv8227	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Piscirickettsiales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Cand_Endoecteinascidia
asv8228	Bacteria	Campilobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Halarcobacter
asv8229	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	AB1	AB1 uc
asv8230	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv8231	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Cand_Berkiella
asv8232	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv8233	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Psychroserpens
asv8234	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
asv8236	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv8237	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Robiginitomaculum
asv8239	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Kangiellaceae	Aliikangiella
asv8240	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv8241	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv8242	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
asv8243	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv8244	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv8245	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
asv8246	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv8247	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv8248	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
asv8249	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv8250	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	UBA12409	UBA12409 uc
asv8251	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv8252	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv8253	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv8254	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Halobacteriovorax
asv8255	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
asv8256	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv8257	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv8259	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv8260	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv8261	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionella
asv8262	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv8265	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv8266	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobulbia	Desulfobulbales	Desulfobulbaceae	Desulfobulbaceae uc
asv8267	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv8268	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
asv8269	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwelliaceae uc
asv8270	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Actinomarinales	Actinomarinaceae	Cand_Actinomarina
asv8271	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv8272	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv8273	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
asv8275	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv8276	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Comamonadaceae uc
asv8277	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Litoricolaceae	Litoricola
asv8278	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter
asv8279	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Oleiphilaceae	Oleiphilus
asv8280	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv8282	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Weeksellaceae	Chryseobacterium
asv8283	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv8284	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv8285	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	S25-593	S25-593 uc
asv8286	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
asv8287	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
asv8288	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc
asv8289	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Pseudofulvibacter
asv8290	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv8291	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Anaerolineales	Anaerolineaceae	Anaerolineaceae uc
asv8292	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv8293	Bacteria	Sumerlaeota	Sumerlaeia	Sumerlaeales	Sumerlaeaceae	Sumerlaea
asv8294	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv8295	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv8296	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv8297	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv8298	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
asv8299	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rubripirellula
asv8300	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
asv8301	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
asv8303	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Beijerinckiaceae	Methylobacterium-Methylorubrum
asv8304	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
asv8305	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv8306	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade III	SAR11 Clade III uc
asv8307	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv8308	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
asv8309	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv8310	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv8312	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv8314	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv8315	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Marinicella
asv8316	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aquimarina
asv8317	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
asv8318	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv8319	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus
asv8320	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc
asv8321	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Oleiphilaceae	Oleiphilus
asv8322	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv8323	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	EF100-94H03	EF100-94H03 uc
asv8324	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv8325	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv8326	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
asv8328	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaerales	Lentisphaeraceae	Lentisphaera
asv8329	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv8330	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Albimonas
asv8331	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv8332	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Thalassobaculales	Nisaeaceae	OM75
asv8333	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_21	Subgroup_21 uc	Subgroup_21 uc	Subgroup_21 uc
asv8334	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobulbia	Desulfobulbales	Desulfobulbaceae	Desulfobulbaceae uc
asv8335	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Subgroup_9	Subgroup_9 uc	Subgroup_9 uc
asv8336	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
asv8337	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv8338	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Acidobacteriae	Subgroup_15	Subgroup_15 uc	Subgroup_15 uc
asv8340	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv8341	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Aliivibrio
asv8342	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	FS140-16B-02
asv8343	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Microbacterium
asv8344	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv8345	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
asv8346	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
asv8347	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv8348	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv8349	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Gramella
asv8350	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaera
asv8351	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
asv8352	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	TK17	TK17 uc	TK17 uc	TK17 uc
asv8353	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Eudoraea
asv8354	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Microtrichaceae uc
asv8355	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	S25-593	S25-593 uc
asv8357	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv8358	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kiloniellales	Kiloniellaceae	Kiloniellaceae uc
asv8359	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Marinoscillum
asv8360	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv8361	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv8362	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
asv8363	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Hydrogenophilaceae	Tepidiphilus
asv8364	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv8365	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
asv8366	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv8367	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv8368	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv8369	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv8370	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv8371	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv8372	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv8373	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv8374	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
asv8375	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv8376	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv8378	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Ellin6055
asv8379	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Paracoccus
asv8380	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Thiotrichaceae	Leucothrix
asv8381	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Roseobacter
asv8382	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv8383	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Hymenobacteraceae	Hymenobacter
asv8384	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Stenotrophomonas
asv8385	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv8386	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv8387	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
asv8388	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Arenicellales	Arenicellaceae	Arenicella
asv8389	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
asv8390	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
asv8391	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
asv8392	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Gilvibacter
asv8393	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	Sphingobacteriales uc	Sphingobacteriales uc
asv8394	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
asv8395	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv8396	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maritimimonas
asv8397	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv8398	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	NS10
asv8399	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Haloferula
asv8400	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Persicirhabdus
asv8401	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Algicola
asv8402	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
asv8403	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv8404	Bacteria	Schekmanbacteria	Schekmanbacteria uc	Schekmanbacteria uc	Schekmanbacteria uc	Schekmanbacteria uc
asv8405	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv8406	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
asv8407	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ga0077536	Ga0077536 uc	Ga0077536 uc
asv8408	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv8409	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv8410	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv8411	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv8412	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	AT-s2-59	AT-s2-59 uc	AT-s2-59 uc
asv8413	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv8414	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv8415	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv8416	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv8417	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv8418	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv8419	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
asv8420	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv8421	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Spirosomaceae	Taeseokella
asv8422	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Ulvibacter
asv8423	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv8424	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv8425	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv8426	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv8427	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv8428	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Aureispira
asv8429	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
asv8431	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv8432	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Piscirickettsiales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Cand_Endoecteinascidia
asv8433	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	CHAB-XI-27	CHAB-XI-27 uc	CHAB-XI-27 uc
asv8434	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Luteolibacter
asv8435	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
asv8436	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	SCGC_AAA011-D5	SCGC_AAA011-D5 uc
asv8437	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv8438	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv8439	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
asv8440	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
asv8441	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv8442	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Nannocystales	Nannocystaceae	Nannocystis
asv8443	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv8444	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
asv8445	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla3_lineage	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc
asv8446	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kiloniellales	Kiloniellaceae	Kiloniellaceae uc
asv8447	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Rubritalea
asv8448	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
asv8449	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv8450	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv8451	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HOC36	HOC36 uc	HOC36 uc
asv8452	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium
asv8453	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv8454	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	C1-B045
asv8455	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
asv8456	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv8457	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv8458	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv8459	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
asv8460	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Cerasicoccus
asv8461	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
asv8462	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Leucobacter
asv8463	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv8464	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv8465	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Microbacterium
asv8466	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
asv8467	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
asv8468	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	TK17	TK17 uc	TK17 uc	TK17 uc
asv8469	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv8470	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Oxalobacteraceae	Duganella
asv8471	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	Sphingobacteriaceae	Pedobacter
asv8472	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Endozoicomonadaceae	Endozoicomonas
asv8473	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv8474	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Caldilineales	Caldilineaceae	Caldilineaceae uc
asv8475	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Spongiibacteraceae uc
asv8476	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv8477	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas
asv8478	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Erwiniaceae	Pantoea
asv8479	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv8480	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
asv8481	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Zhongshania
asv8482	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
asv8483	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Oceanospirillales uc	Oceanospirillales uc
asv8484	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Microbacterium
asv8485	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv8486	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Nitrosomonadaceae	IS-44
asv8488	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv8489	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv8490	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Aureispira
asv8492	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospiraceae uc
asv8493	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Lewinella
asv8494	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
asv8495	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
asv8496	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinota uc	Nitrospinota uc	Nitrospinota uc	Nitrospinota uc
asv8497	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
asv8498	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	BD7-11	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc
asv8499	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Marinicella
asv8500	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Elsterales	Elsteraceae	Elsteraceae uc
asv8501	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
asv8502	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
asv8503	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Ottowia
asv8504	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium
asv8505	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv8506	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella
asv8507	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv8508	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Erwiniaceae	Erwinia
asv8509	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
asv8510	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv8511	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
asv8513	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv8515	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv8516	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Marimicrobium
asv8517	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv8518	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv8519	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv8520	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv8521	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
asv8522	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	SG8-4	SG8-4 uc
asv8523	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Planctomycetales uc	Planctomycetales uc
asv8524	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Marinifilaceae	Marinifilum
asv8525	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv8526	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv8527	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv8528	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
asv8529	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	AB1	AB1 uc
asv8530	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv8531	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv8532	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
asv8533	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv8534	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
asv8535	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Actinomarinales	Actinomarinales uc	Actinomarinales uc
asv8536	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces
asv8537	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
asv8538	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv8539	Bacteria	Spirochaetota	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales	Spirochaetaceae	Spirochaeta
asv8540	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv8541	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv8543	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Lewinella
asv8545	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Microtrichaceae uc
asv8546	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Ascidiaceihabitans
asv8547	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
asv8548	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv8549	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv8550	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
asv8551	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
asv8552	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv8553	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv8554	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Bythopirellula
asv8555	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
asv8556	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv8557	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	BD7-11	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc
asv8558	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	AB1	AB1 uc
asv8559	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv8560	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv8561	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
asv8562	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
asv8563	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	SCGC_AAA011-D5	SCGC_AAA011-D5 uc
asv8565	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv8566	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv8567	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidetes_VC2.1_Bac22	Bacteroidetes_VC2.1_Bac22 uc	Bacteroidetes_VC2.1_Bac22 uc
asv8568	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kiloniellales	Kiloniellaceae	Kiloniellaceae uc
asv8569	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	AT-s3-28	AT-s3-28 uc	AT-s3-28 uc	AT-s3-28 uc
asv8570	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv8571	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Staphylococcales	Staphylococcaceae	Staphylococcus
asv8572	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc
asv8573	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv8574	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Beijerinckiaceae	Methylovirgula
asv8575	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv8576	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv8577	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
asv8578	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas
asv8579	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv8580	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv8581	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
asv8582	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	FS140-16B-02
asv8583	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aquibacter
asv8584	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv8585	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
asv8586	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus
asv8587	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Oscillospirales	Ruminococcaceae	Incertae_Sedis
asv8588	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaerales	Lentisphaeraceae	Lentisphaera
asv8589	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv8590	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	SM1A02
asv8591	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv8592	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Winogradskyella
asv8593	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv8594	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv8595	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_26	Subgroup_26 uc	Subgroup_26 uc	Subgroup_26 uc
asv8596	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
asv8597	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv8598	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Muribaculaceae	Muribaculaceae uc
asv8599	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_23
asv8600	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	NAC11-7
asv8601	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Kangiellaceae	Kangiellaceae uc
asv8602	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv8603	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
asv8604	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv8605	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv8606	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv8607	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv8608	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv8609	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Piscirickettsiales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Cand_Endoecteinascidia
asv8610	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	FS140-16B-02
asv8611	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionellaceae uc
asv8612	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionellaceae uc
asv8613	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
asv8614	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv8615	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	NAC11-7
asv8616	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv8617	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sneathiellales	Sneathiellaceae	Sneathiellaceae uc
asv8618	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv8619	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv8620	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Amylibacter
asv8621	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv8622	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwelliaceae uc
asv8623	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv8624	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv8625	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Vampirivibrionia	Obscuribacterales	Obscuribacteraceae	Obscuribacteraceae uc
asv8626	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv8627	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv8628	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Formosa
asv8629	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv8631	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv8632	Archaea	Halobacterota	Halobacteria	Halobacterales	Halomicrobiaceae	Halomicrobiaceae uc
asv8633	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv8635	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Aliiroseovarius
asv8636	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv8637	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv8638	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
asv8639	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	Kiritimatiellales	Kiritimatiellaceae	MSBL3
asv8640	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Arcticiflavibacter
asv8641	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv8642	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv8643	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv8644	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv8645	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv8647	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv8648	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv8649	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Oscillospirales	Ruminococcaceae	Faecalibacterium
asv8650	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
asv8651	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv8652	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv8653	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_21	Subgroup_21 uc	Subgroup_21 uc	Subgroup_21 uc
asv8654	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Novosphingobium
asv8655	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv8656	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc
asv8657	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Kangiellaceae	Aliikangiella
asv8658	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv8659	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
asv8660	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv8661	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla3_lineage	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc
asv8662	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv8663	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
asv8664	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
asv8665	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv8666	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv8667	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Actinomarinales	Actinomarinales uc	Actinomarinales uc
asv8668	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
asv8669	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv8670	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Comamonadaceae uc
asv8671	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv8672	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv8673	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maritimimonas
asv8674	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Marinicella
asv8675	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv8676	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
asv8677	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
asv8678	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	AB1	AB1 uc
asv8679	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv8680	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Halobacteriovorax
asv8681	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv8682	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Marixanthomonas
asv8683	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lutibacter
asv8684	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv8685	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas
asv8686	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv8687	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv8689	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv8691	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales uc	Rickettsiales uc
asv8692	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	TK10	TK10 uc	TK10 uc	TK10 uc
asv8694	Bacteria	Dadabacteria	Dadabacteriia	Dadabacteriales	Dadabacteriales uc	Dadabacteriales uc
asv8695	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Nannocystales	Nannocystaceae	Nannocystaceae uc
asv8696	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv8697	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Subgroup_9	Subgroup_9 uc	Subgroup_9 uc
asv8698	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv8699	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv8700	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Loktanella
asv8701	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv8702	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv8703	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
asv8704	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
asv8705	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
asv8706	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv8707	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv8708	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwelliaceae uc
asv8710	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv8711	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
asv8712	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
asv8713	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv8714	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	OM60(NOR5)
asv8715	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv8716	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
asv8717	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv8718	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv8719	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv8720	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv8721	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Blastomonas
asv8722	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv8723	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv8724	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Kangiellaceae	Kangiellaceae uc
asv8725	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv8726	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Thiotrichaceae	Leucothrix
asv8727	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv8728	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv8729	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
asv8730	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Rhizobiaceae uc
asv8731	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionaceae	Cand_Endobugula
asv8733	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv8734	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingorhabdus
asv8735	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv8736	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv8737	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
asv8738	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
asv8739	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Marinicella
asv8740	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Algicola
asv8741	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
asv8742	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
asv8743	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv8744	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv8745	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv8746	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Subgroup_9	Subgroup_9 uc	Subgroup_9 uc
asv8747	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
asv8748	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv8749	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv8750	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	Woesearchaeales uc	Woesearchaeales uc
asv8751	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv8752	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv8753	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	Babeliaceae	Babeliaceae uc
asv8754	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lacinutrix
asv8755	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
asv8756	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv8757	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv8758	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobulbia	Desulfobulbales	Desulfocapsaceae	SEEP-SRB4
asv8759	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EC3	EC3 uc	EC3 uc
asv8760	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Blfdi19	Blfdi19 uc	Blfdi19 uc
asv8761	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Xanthobacteraceae	Xanthobacteraceae uc
asv8762	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
asv8763	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HOC36	HOC36 uc	HOC36 uc
asv8764	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv8765	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv8766	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	Sphingobacteriaceae	Sphingobacterium
asv8767	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv8768	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv8769	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv8770	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Rubidimonas
asv8771	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv8772	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
asv8773	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv8774	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv8775	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
asv8776	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiohalorhabdales	Thiohalorhabdaceae	Thiohalorhabdaceae uc
asv8777	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv8778	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Shewanella
asv8779	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv8780	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv8781	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv8782	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales_fa	Peptoniphilus
asv8783	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Persicirhabdus
asv8784	Bacteria	Caldatribacteriota	JS1	JS1 uc	JS1 uc	JS1 uc
asv8785	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionellaceae uc
asv8786	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv8787	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Nannocystales	Nannocystaceae	Nannocystaceae uc
asv8788	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv8789	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv8790	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv8791	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
asv8792	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
asv8793	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv8794	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	Kiritimatiellales	Kiritimatiellaceae	R76-B128
asv8795	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv8796	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv8797	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Cyanobacteriia	Cyanobacteriia uc	Cyanobacteriia uc	Cyanobacteriia uc
asv8798	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	BD7-11	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc
asv8799	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv8800	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv8801	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv8802	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv8803	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv8804	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	SG8-4	SG8-4 uc
asv8806	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv8807	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv8808	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Piscirickettsiales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Cand_Endoecteinascidia
asv8809	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv8810	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	Bdellovibrio
asv8811	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
asv8812	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv8813	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv8814	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv8815	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Porphyromonadaceae	Porphyromonas
asv8816	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv8817	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Fangia
asv8818	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rubripirellula
asv8820	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv8821	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Subgroup_17	Subgroup_17 uc	Subgroup_17 uc
asv8822	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Cand_Megaira
asv8823	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
asv8824	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv8825	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv8826	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv8827	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv8828	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	NAC11-7
asv8829	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales_fa	Finegoldia
asv8830	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv8831	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
asv8832	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
asv8833	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
asv8836	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc
asv8837	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv8838	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
asv8839	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Alcaligenaceae	Castellaniella
asv8840	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv8842	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	SCGC_AAA011-D5	SCGC_AAA011-D5 uc
asv8843	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv8845	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	SM1A02
asv8846	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv8847	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv8848	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	Vermiphilaceae	Vermiphilaceae uc
asv8849	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Winogradskyella
asv8850	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellula
asv8851	Bacteria	Patescibacteria	Gracilibacteria	Absconditabacteriales_(SR1)	Absconditabacteriales_(SR1) uc	Absconditabacteriales_(SR1) uc
asv8852	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv8853	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rubripirellula
asv8854	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv8855	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
asv8857	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
asv8858	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv8859	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Marinicella
asv8860	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Alcaligenaceae	Verticiella
asv8861	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Persicirhabdus
asv8862	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium_sensu_stricto_1
asv8863	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv8865	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv8866	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
asv8867	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv8868	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
asv8869	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomicaceae uc
asv8870	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv8871	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv8872	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv8873	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
asv8874	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv8875	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Spongiimicrobium
asv8876	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv8877	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_21	Subgroup_21 uc	Subgroup_21 uc	Subgroup_21 uc
asv8878	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv8879	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus
asv8880	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
asv8881	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv8882	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
asv8883	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
asv8884	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv8885	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv8886	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv8887	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Actinomarinales	Actinomarinales uc	Actinomarinales uc
asv8889	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv8890	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
asv8891	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Bythopirellula
asv8892	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Ulvibacter
asv8893	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv8894	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Rubinisphaeraceae	Rubinisphaeraceae uc
asv8895	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Arenicellales	Arenicellaceae	Arenicellaceae uc
asv8896	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Blastocatellia	Blastocatellales	Blastocatellaceae	Blastocatellaceae uc
asv8897	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Xanthobacteraceae	Afipia
asv8898	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halioglobus
asv8899	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
asv8900	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
asv8901	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter
asv8902	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv8903	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
asv8904	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Fusicatenibacter
asv8905	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv8906	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv8907	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Arcticiflavibacter
asv8909	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
asv8910	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Rhodothermia	Rhodothermales	Rhodothermaceae	Rhodothermaceae uc
asv8911	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv8912	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv8913	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	SG8-4	SG8-4 uc
asv8914	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv8915	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
asv8916	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
asv8917	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Pseudofulvibacter
asv8918	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
asv8919	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv8920	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacteria	Desulfobacterales	Desulfosarcinaceae	Sva0081_sediment_group
asv8921	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales uc	Rickettsiales uc
asv8922	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
asv8923	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv8924	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv8925	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
asv8926	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv8927	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv8928	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv8929	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv8930	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv8931	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv8932	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv8933	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
asv8934	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv8935	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Reichenbachiella
asv8936	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Bacteriovoracaceae uc
asv8937	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
asv8938	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Desulfuromonadia_or	Geopsychrobacteraceae	Geopsychrobacter
asv8939	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionellaceae uc
asv8940	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriales uc	Flavobacteriales uc
asv8941	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv8942	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EC3	EC3 uc	EC3 uc
asv8943	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
asv8944	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Spongiibacteraceae uc
asv8945	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv8946	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
asv8948	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv8949	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv8950	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
asv8951	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Bradymonadales	Bradymonadales uc	Bradymonadales uc
asv8952	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv8953	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	GW2011_GWC1_47_15	GW2011_GWC1_47_15 uc
asv8954	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv8955	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv8956	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv8957	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv8958	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv8959	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv8960	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv8961	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv8962	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv8963	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Heliimonas
asv8964	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Reyranellales	Reyranellaceae	Reyranella
asv8965	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	P.palmC41	P.palmC41 uc	P.palmC41 uc
asv8966	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
asv8967	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Haliangiales	Haliangiaceae	Haliangium
asv8969	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
asv8970	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Verruc-01
asv8971	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Parafrigoribacterium
asv8972	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
asv8973	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv8974	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv8975	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionales uc	Micavibrionales uc
asv8976	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
asv8977	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Polyangiales	Eel-36e1D6	Eel-36e1D6 uc
asv8978	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv8979	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
asv8980	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv8981	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv8982	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Dermabacteraceae	Brachybacterium
asv8983	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv8984	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
asv8985	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv8986	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv8987	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv8988	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv8989	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv8990	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv8991	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Mariniflexile
asv8992	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv8993	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
asv8994	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
asv8995	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
asv8996	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
asv8997	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv8998	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Planococcaceae	Lysinibacillus
asv8999	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv9000	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Dietziaceae	Dietzia
asv9001	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Actinomarinales	Actinomarinales uc	Actinomarinales uc
asv9003	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Polyangiales	Eel-36e1D6	Eel-36e1D6 uc
asv9004	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv9005	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Weeksellaceae	Chryseobacterium
asv9006	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Oxalobacteraceae	Massilia
asv9007	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Ideonella
asv9008	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
asv9009	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv9010	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv9011	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
asv9012	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Herbiconiux
asv9013	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
asv9014	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv9015	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv9016	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv9017	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Paenirhodobacter
asv9018	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Verruc-01
asv9019	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter
asv9020	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv9021	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
asv9022	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv9023	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Chloroflexi uc	Chloroflexi uc	Chloroflexi uc	Chloroflexi uc
asv9024	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
asv9025	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Limibaculum
asv9026	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacteraceae	Vicinamibacteraceae uc
asv9027	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	RF39	RF39 uc	RF39 uc
asv9028	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Oscillospirales	Butyricicoccaceae	Butyricicoccus
asv9029	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Luminiphilus
asv9030	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Piscirickettsiales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Cand_Endoecteinascidia
asv9031	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacteria	Desulfobacterales	Desulfosarcinaceae	SEEP-SRB1
asv9032	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Vampirivibrionia	Caenarcaniphilales	Caenarcaniphilales uc	Caenarcaniphilales uc
asv9033	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Spongiibacteraceae uc
asv9034	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Arenicellales	Arenicellaceae	Arenicellaceae uc
asv9035	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cytophagales uc	Cytophagales uc
asv9036	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv9037	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	AB1	AB1 uc
asv9038	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Comamonadaceae uc
asv9039	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
asv9040	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv9042	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv9044	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Piscirickettsiales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Cand_Endoecteinascidia
asv9045	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter
asv9046	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv9047	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv9048	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Holosporales	Holosporaceae	Holosporaceae uc
asv9049	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv9050	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Ascidiaceihabitans
asv9051	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv9052	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv9053	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
asv9054	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv9055	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv9056	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
asv9057	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv9058	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv9059	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	AB1	AB1 uc
asv9060	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
asv9061	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Ascidiaceihabitans
asv9062	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halioglobus
asv9064	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv9065	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv9067	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv9068	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
asv9069	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvibaculales	PS1	PS1 uc
asv9070	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Piscirickettsiales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Cand_Endoecteinascidia
asv9071	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv9072	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv9073	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Arcticiflavibacter
asv9074	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
asv9075	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	SBR1031	A4b	A4b uc
asv9076	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	D90	D90 uc	D90 uc
asv9077	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv9078	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ectothiorhodospirales	Ectothiorhodospiraceae	Ectothiorhodospiraceae uc
asv9079	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionales uc	Micavibrionales uc
asv9080	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Arcticiflavibacter
asv9082	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
asv9083	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	SM1A02
asv9084	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Shewanella
asv9085	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
asv9086	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Holosporales	Holosporaceae	Holosporaceae uc
asv9087	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv9088	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	Sphingobacteriaceae	Sphingobacterium
asv9089	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv9090	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Blfdi19	Blfdi19 uc	Blfdi19 uc
asv9091	Bacteria	Hydrogenedentes	Hydrogenedentia	Hydrogenedentiales	Hydrogenedensaceae	Hydrogenedensaceae uc
asv9092	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv9093	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Hyphomonas
asv9094	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv9095	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv9096	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	FS140-16B-02
asv9097	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv9098	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Victivallales	Victivallales uc	Victivallales uc
asv9099	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv9100	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiota uc	Verrucomicrobiota uc	Verrucomicrobiota uc	Verrucomicrobiota uc
asv9101	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
asv9102	Bacteria	Myxococcota	bacteriap25	bacteriap25 uc	bacteriap25 uc	bacteriap25 uc
asv9103	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv9104	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Piscirickettsiales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Cand_Endoecteinascidia
asv9105	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
asv9106	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
asv9107	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
asv9108	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Xanthobacteraceae	Afipia
asv9109	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv9110	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv9111	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EC3	EC3 uc	EC3 uc
asv9112	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc
asv9113	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv9114	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv9115	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv9116	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv9117	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Victivallales	Arctic95B-14	Arctic95B-14 uc
asv9118	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Portibacter
asv9119	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aquibacter
asv9120	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv9122	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_23
asv9123	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv9124	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv9125	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	AB1	AB1 uc
asv9126	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv9127	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv9128	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Oscillospirales	Oscillospiraceae	Oscillospiraceae uc
asv9129	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Oscillospirales	Ruminococcaceae	Negativibacillus
asv9130	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Caulobacteraceae	Brevundimonas
asv9131	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv9132	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv9133	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Bathyarchaeia	Bathyarchaeia uc	Bathyarchaeia uc	Bathyarchaeia uc
asv9134	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv9135	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
asv9136	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
asv9137	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Nannocystales	Nannocystaceae	Nannocystaceae uc
asv9138	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Nitrosomonadaceae	Nitrosomonas
asv9139	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
asv9140	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv9141	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halioglobus
asv9142	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv9143	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv9144	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv9145	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
asv9146	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Microbacteriaceae uc
asv9147	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv9148	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Verruc-01
asv9149	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv9150	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv9151	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv9152	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
asv9155	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Carnobacteriaceae	Carnobacteriaceae uc
asv9156	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv9158	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv9159	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv9161	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv9162	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc
asv9163	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionellaceae uc
asv9164	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv9165	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellula
asv9166	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
asv9167	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla4_lineage	Pla4_lineage uc	Pla4_lineage uc	Pla4_lineage uc
asv9168	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv9169	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv9170	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv9171	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Fokiniaceae	Fokiniaceae uc
asv9173	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
asv9174	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv9175	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv9177	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv9178	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Roseobacter
asv9179	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv9180	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv9181	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv9182	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv9183	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	SG8-4	SG8-4 uc
asv9184	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv9185	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Caulobacteraceae	Brevundimonas
asv9186	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Terasakiellaceae	Terasakiellaceae uc
asv9187	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv9188	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	NAC11-7
asv9189	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	AB1	AB1 uc
asv9190	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kordiimonadales	Kordiimonadales uc	Kordiimonadales uc
asv9191	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Piscirickettsiales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Cand_Endoecteinascidia
asv9192	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
asv9193	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
asv9194	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv9196	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionales uc	Micavibrionales uc
asv9197	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Reichenbachiella
asv9198	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
asv9199	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
asv9200	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv9201	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv9202	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales uc	Rickettsiales uc
asv9203	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Methyloligellaceae	Methyloligellaceae uc
asv9205	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv9206	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Saccharospirillaceae	Saccharospirillaceae uc
asv9207	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
asv9208	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobulbia	Desulfobulbales	Desulfocapsaceae	Desulforhopalus
asv9209	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Microtrichaceae uc
asv9210	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kiloniellales	Kiloniellaceae	Kiloniellaceae uc
asv9211	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv9212	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv9213	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaerales	Lentisphaeraceae	Lentisphaera
asv9214	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv9215	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv9216	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv9217	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiales_Incertae_Sedis	Bauldia
asv9218	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	Woesearchaeales uc	Woesearchaeales uc
asv9219	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv9220	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kordiimonadales	Kordiimonadaceae	Kordiimonas
asv9221	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv9222	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
asv9223	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv9224	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
asv9225	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Haliangiales	Haliangiaceae	Haliangium
asv9226	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
asv9227	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Desulfuromonadia_or	Geopsychrobacteraceae	Desulfuromusa
asv9228	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc
asv9229	Bacteria	Fusobacteriota	Fusobacteriia	Fusobacteriales	Leptotrichiaceae	Leptotrichia
asv9230	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv9231	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
asv9232	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv9233	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv9234	Bacteria	Patescibacteria	Gracilibacteria	JGI_0000069-P22	JGI_0000069-P22 uc	JGI_0000069-P22 uc
asv9235	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv9236	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Gilvibacter
asv9237	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv9238	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobulbia	Desulfobulbales	Desulfobulbaceae	Desulfobulbus
asv9239	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Arenicellales	Arenicellaceae	Arenicellaceae uc
asv9240	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv9241	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Fokiniaceae	MD3-55
asv9242	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillales uc	Rhodospirillales uc
asv9243	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	S25-593	S25-593 uc
asv9244	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Pseudorhodobacter
asv9246	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcota uc	Myxococcota uc	Myxococcota uc	Myxococcota uc
asv9247	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv9248	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Ulvibacter
asv9249	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv9250	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Limibaculum
asv9251	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv9252	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv9253	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionaceae	Micavibrionaceae uc
asv9254	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	Vermiphilaceae	Vermiphilaceae uc
asv9255	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv9256	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EV818SWSAP88	EV818SWSAP88 uc	EV818SWSAP88 uc
asv9257	Bacteria	Latescibacterota	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc
asv9258	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
asv9259	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv9260	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
asv9261	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv9262	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv9263	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	Babeliales uc	Babeliales uc
asv9264	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
asv9265	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv9266	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
asv9267	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv9268	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv9269	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	Kiritimatiellales	Kiritimatiellaceae	MSBL3
asv9270	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv9272	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionella
asv9273	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv9274	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv9275	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv9276	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv9277	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
asv9278	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv9279	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv9280	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EC3	EC3 uc	EC3 uc
asv9281	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv9282	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales	Peptostreptococcaceae	Paeniclostridium
asv9283	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv9284	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv9285	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv9286	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium
asv9287	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv9288	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv9289	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv9290	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Hyphomonas
asv9291	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv9292	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacteria	Desulfobacterales	Desulfolunaceae	Desulfofrigus
asv9293	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Formosa
asv9295	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv9296	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv9297	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
asv9298	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Urania-1B-19_marine_sediment_group
asv9299	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	JG30-KF-CM66	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc
asv9300	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv9301	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	SM1A02
asv9302	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Verruc-01
asv9303	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv9304	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
asv9305	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	P13-46	P13-46 uc
asv9308	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv9309	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Staphylococcales	Staphylococcaceae	Staphylococcus
asv9310	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv9311	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Beijerinckiaceae	Methylobacterium-Methylorubrum
asv9314	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
asv9315	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
asv9316	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvibaculales	Parvibaculaceae	Parvibaculaceae uc
asv9317	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionaceae	Micavibrionaceae uc
asv9318	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Bradymonadales	Bradymonadales uc	Bradymonadales uc
asv9319	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv9320	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvibaculales	Parvibaculaceae	Parvibaculum
asv9321	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv9322	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv9323	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Shewanella
asv9324	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
asv9325	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
asv9326	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionales uc	Cellvibrionales uc
asv9327	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Weeksellaceae	Chryseobacterium
asv9328	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
asv9329	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ga0077536	Ga0077536 uc	Ga0077536 uc
asv9330	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
asv9331	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Thermoanaerobacteria	Thermoanaerobacterales	Family_III	Thermoanaerobacterium
asv9332	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
asv9333	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv9334	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Actinomarinales	Actinomarinales uc	Actinomarinales uc
asv9335	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	SM23-30	SM23-30 uc
asv9336	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lutibacter
asv9337	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
asv9338	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv9339	Bacteria	Latescibacterota	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc
asv9340	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halioglobus
asv9341	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Beijerinckiaceae	Methylobacterium-Methylorubrum
asv9342	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Luteimonas
asv9344	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
asv9345	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv9346	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Cand_Megaira
asv9347	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Arcticiflavibacter
asv9348	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv9349	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Omnitrophia	Omnitrophales	Omnitrophaceae	Cand_Omnitrophus
asv9350	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
asv9351	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
asv9352	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Kangiellaceae	Aliikangiella
asv9353	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
asv9354	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
asv9355	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv9356	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Pseudonocardiales	Pseudonocardiaceae	Pseudonocardia
asv9358	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv9359	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Marimicrobium
asv9360	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Cellulophaga
asv9361	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Marimicrobium
asv9362	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Nannocystales	Nannocystaceae	Nannocystaceae uc
asv9363	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv9365	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv9366	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionales uc	Micavibrionales uc
asv9367	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Alteromonas
asv9368	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv9369	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Portibacter
asv9370	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Fokiniaceae	MD3-55
asv9371	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	Kiritimatiellales	Kiritimatiellaceae	MSBL3
asv9372	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Bacteriovoracaceae uc
asv9373	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv9374	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichales uc	Microtrichales uc
asv9375	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv9376	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Polaromonas
asv9378	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv9379	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lutibacter
asv9380	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	0319-6G20	0319-6G20 uc	0319-6G20 uc
asv9381	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionaceae	Micavibrionaceae uc
asv9382	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv9383	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv9384	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
asv9386	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
asv9387	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv9388	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv9389	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv9390	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
asv9391	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv9393	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv9394	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv9395	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionales uc	Micavibrionales uc
asv9396	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv9397	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv9398	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Caulobacteraceae	Phenylobacterium
asv9399	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Nannocystales	Nannocystaceae	Nannocystaceae uc
asv9400	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv9401	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales uc	Rickettsiales uc
asv9402	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Olleya
asv9403	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	Woesearchaeales uc	Woesearchaeales uc
asv9404	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv9405	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv9406	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv9407	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla3_lineage	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc
asv9408	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ectothiorhodospirales	Ectothiorhodospiraceae	Ectothiorhodospiraceae uc
asv9409	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
asv9410	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvibaculales	PS1	PS1 uc
asv9411	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	SM2D12	SM2D12 uc
asv9412	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
asv9413	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc
asv9414	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc
asv9415	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
asv9416	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Caulobacteraceae	Phenylobacterium
asv9419	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Polyangiales	BIrii41	BIrii41 uc
asv9420	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
asv9421	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
asv9422	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Rubidimonas
asv9423	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv9424	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv9425	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Glaciecola
asv9426	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
asv9427	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv9428	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_26	Subgroup_26 uc	Subgroup_26 uc	Subgroup_26 uc
asv9429	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
asv9430	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
asv9431	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Asinibacterium
asv9432	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Puniceicoccaceae uc
asv9433	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv9434	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	Lentimicrobiaceae	Lentimicrobiaceae uc
asv9435	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv9436	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Oscillospirales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminococcus
asv9438	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Actinomarinales	Actinomarinales uc	Actinomarinales uc
asv9439	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv9440	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv9441	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv9442	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv9443	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv9444	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv9445	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv9446	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Tistrellales	Geminicoccaceae	Geminicoccaceae uc
asv9447	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv9448	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv9449	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
asv9450	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	Woesearchaeales uc	Woesearchaeales uc
asv9451	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
asv9452	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Blfdi19	Blfdi19 uc	Blfdi19 uc
asv9453	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv9454	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
asv9455	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaerales	Lentisphaeraceae	Lentisphaera
asv9456	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionellaceae uc
asv9457	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv9458	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv9459	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	SG8-4	SG8-4 uc
asv9460	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Fangia
asv9461	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Brevibacteriaceae	Brevibacterium
asv9462	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv9463	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
asv9464	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
asv9465	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Algibacter
asv9466	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv9467	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiohalorhabdales	Thiohalorhabdaceae	Thiohalorhabdaceae uc
asv9468	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv9469	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv9470	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
asv9471	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kiloniellales	Kiloniellaceae	Kiloniella
asv9472	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	JG30-KF-CM66	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc
asv9473	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
asv9474	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv9475	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv9476	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv9478	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv9479	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv9480	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvibaculales	Parvibaculales uc	Parvibaculales uc
asv9481	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv9482	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv9483	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv9484	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionella
asv9485	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv9486	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Porphyromonadaceae	Porphyromonas
asv9488	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidales uc	Bacteroidales uc
asv9489	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv9490	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Enterovibrio
asv9491	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Bacteriovoracaceae uc
asv9492	Bacteria	Fusobacteriota	Fusobacteriia	Fusobacteriales	Fusobacteriaceae	Cetobacterium
asv9493	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv9494	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Photobacterium
asv9495	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv9496	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv9497	Bacteria	Spirochaetota	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales	Spirochaetaceae	Spirochaeta
asv9498	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Actinomycetales	Actinomycetaceae	Varibaculum
asv9499	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	Woesearchaeales uc	Woesearchaeales uc
asv9500	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
asv9501	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Alcanivoracaceae	Ketobacter
asv9502	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Caldilineales	Caldilineaceae	Caldilineaceae uc
asv9503	Bacteria	Sumerlaeota	Sumerlaeia	Sumerlaeales	Sumerlaeaceae	Sumerlaea
asv9504	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Nitrosococcaceae	AqS1
asv9505	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Nannocystales	Nannocystaceae	Nannocystaceae uc
asv9506	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionales uc	Cellvibrionales uc
asv9507	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
asv9508	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Changchengzhania
asv9509	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
asv9510	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Silicimonas
asv9511	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv9512	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kiloniellales	Kiloniellaceae	Kiloniellaceae uc
asv9513	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Fangia
asv9514	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Piscirickettsiales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Cand_Endoecteinascidia
asv9515	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Chloroflexi uc	Chloroflexi uc	Chloroflexi uc	Chloroflexi uc
asv9516	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	OM60(NOR5)
asv9517	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv9518	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_26	Subgroup_26 uc	Subgroup_26 uc	Subgroup_26 uc
asv9519	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
asv9520	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
asv9521	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv9522	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv9523	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionales uc	Micavibrionales uc
asv9524	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv9525	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv9526	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Blfdi19	Blfdi19 uc	Blfdi19 uc
asv9527	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv9528	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rubripirellula
asv9529	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Litoreibacter
asv9530	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv9531	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	JL-ETNP-F27
asv9532	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
asv9534	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv9535	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv9536	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv9537	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv9539	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
asv9540	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv9541	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Polyangiales	Eel-36e1D6	Eel-36e1D6 uc
asv9542	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Paraglaciecola
asv9543	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	vadinHA49	vadinHA49 uc	vadinHA49 uc	vadinHA49 uc
asv9544	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv9545	Bacteria	Campilobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Arcobacteraceae uc
asv9546	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	SBR1031	A4b	A4b uc
asv9547	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
asv9548	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kiloniellales	Kiloniellaceae	Pelagibius
asv9549	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
asv9550	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
asv9551	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
asv9552	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
asv9553	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Granulosicoccales	Granulosicoccaceae	Granulosicoccus
asv9554	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv9555	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Formosa
asv9556	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halioglobus
asv9557	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv9559	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Nannocystales	Nannocystaceae	Nannocystaceae uc
asv9560	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv9563	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv9564	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv9565	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
asv9566	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv9567	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
asv9568	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
asv9569	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Algicola
asv9570	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	AB1	AB1 uc
asv9571	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Formosa
asv9572	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Thalassobaculales	Nisaeaceae	OM75
asv9573	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv9574	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv9575	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	AT-s2-59	AT-s2-59 uc	AT-s2-59 uc
asv9576	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
asv9577	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
asv9578	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	Babeliales uc	Babeliales uc
asv9579	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Thermicanales	Thermicanaceae	Thermicanus
asv9580	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv9581	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
asv9582	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv9583	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv9584	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Anaerolineales	Anaerolineaceae	Anaerolineaceae uc
asv9585	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv9586	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv9587	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Beijerinckiaceae	Bosea
asv9588	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Lewinella
asv9589	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv9590	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionaceae	Cellvibrionaceae uc
asv9591	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla3_lineage	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc
asv9592	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv9593	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv9594	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	Woesearchaeales uc	Woesearchaeales uc
asv9595	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv9596	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla3_lineage	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc
asv9597	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv9598	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Thermoleophilia	Solirubrobacterales	67-14	67-14 uc
asv9599	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
asv9600	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
asv9601	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv9602	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Enterobacterales uc	Enterobacterales uc
asv9603	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	C86	C86 uc	C86 uc
asv9604	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Actinomarinales	Actinomarinales uc	Actinomarinales uc
asv9605	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Actinomarinales	Actinomarinales uc	Actinomarinales uc
asv9606	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Microtrichaceae uc
asv9607	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
asv9608	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv9609	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv9610	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Novosphingobium
asv9611	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Microscillaceae	Microscillaceae uc
asv9612	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv9613	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv9614	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
asv9615	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Actibacter
asv9616	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
asv9617	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
asv9618	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Tenderiales	Tenderiaceae	Cand_Tenderia
asv9619	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Lentimonas
asv9620	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lutimonas
asv9621	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
asv9622	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv9623	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
asv9624	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
asv9626	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Shuttleworthia
asv9627	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv9628	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Ardenticatenales	Ardenticatenales uc	Ardenticatenales uc
asv9629	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv9630	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv9631	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Portibacter
asv9632	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SS1-B-07-19	SS1-B-07-19 uc	SS1-B-07-19 uc
asv9633	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv9634	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv9635	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv9636	Bacteria	Campilobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Sulfurovaceae	Sulfurovum
asv9637	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Octadecabacter
asv9638	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv9639	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv9640	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv9641	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
asv9642	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv9643	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
asv9644	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
asv9645	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv9646	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv9647	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Acetobacterales	Acetobacteraceae	Rubritepida
asv9648	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group uc	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group uc	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group uc
asv9649	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	SG8-4	SG8-4 uc
asv9650	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv9651	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv9652	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	JG30-KF-CM66	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc
asv9653	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
asv9654	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv9655	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Omnitrophia	Omnitrophales	Omnitrophaceae	Cand_Omnitrophus
asv9656	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwelliaceae uc
asv9657	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv9658	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Tenacibaculum
asv9659	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
asv9660	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv9662	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv9663	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Opitutaceae	Diplosphaera
asv9664	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv9665	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
asv9666	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
asv9667	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv9668	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	Kiritimatiellales	Kiritimatiellaceae	R76-B128
asv9669	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv9670	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv9671	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv9672	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv9673	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv9674	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv9675	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv9678	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv9679	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv9680	Bacteria	Spirochaetota	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales	Spirochaetaceae	Spirochaetaceae uc
asv9681	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv9682	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Spirosomaceae	Arcicella
asv9683	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionellaceae uc
asv9684	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv9685	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv9686	Bacteria	Campilobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Arcobacteraceae uc
asv9687	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
asv9688	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv9689	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv9690	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium
asv9691	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Rubritalea
asv9692	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv9693	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv9694	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv9695	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Oceanicoccus
asv9696	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Xanthobacteraceae	Xanthobacter
asv9697	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
asv9698	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
asv9699	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv9700	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidia uc	Dehalococcoidia uc	Dehalococcoidia uc
asv9701	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Cerasicoccus
asv9702	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv9703	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Actinomarinales	Actinomarinales uc	Actinomarinales uc
asv9704	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Pseudorhodobacter
asv9705	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Marixanthomonas
asv9706	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv9707	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
asv9708	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
asv9709	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter
asv9710	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Alteromonadaceae uc
asv9711	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvibaculales	PS1	PS1 uc
asv9712	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Schleiferiaceae	Schleiferia
asv9713	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv9714	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
asv9715	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
asv9717	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv9719	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv9720	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Bacteriovoracaceae uc
asv9721	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv9722	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
asv9723	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Oscillospirales	Oscillospiraceae	UCG-005
asv9724	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Planococcaceae	Planomicrobium
asv9725	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv9726	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	S25-593	S25-593 uc
asv9727	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv9728	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv9729	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv9730	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv9731	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv9732	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv9733	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv9734	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv9735	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Actinomarinales	Actinomarinales uc	Actinomarinales uc
asv9736	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Moraxella
asv9738	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv9739	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv9740	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv9742	Bacteria	Latescibacterota	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc
asv9743	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
asv9744	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halioglobus
asv9745	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Intrasporangiaceae	Intrasporangiaceae uc
asv9746	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv9747	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	BD7-11	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc
asv9748	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv9749	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv9750	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv9751	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
asv9752	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
asv9753	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
asv9754	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv9755	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Roseovarius
asv9756	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
asv9757	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriales uc	Flavobacteriales uc
asv9758	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rubellimicrobium
asv9759	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Novosphingobium
asv9760	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv9761	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Persicirhabdus
asv9762	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv9763	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv9764	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	BD7-8	BD7-8 uc	BD7-8 uc
asv9765	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aquibacter
asv9766	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Yoonia-Loktanella
asv9767	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lutibacter
asv9768	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Oscillospirales	Oscillospiraceae	Oscillospiraceae uc
asv9769	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Cand_Megaira
asv9770	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
asv9771	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
asv9772	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kordiimonadales	Kordiimonadales uc	Kordiimonadales uc
asv9773	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Acetobacterales	Acetobacteraceae	Roseomonas
asv9774	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv9775	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacteria	Desulfobacterales	Desulfosarcinaceae	SEEP-SRB1
asv9777	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Paraglaciecola
asv9778	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv9779	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv9780	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
asv9781	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv9783	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	Babeliales uc	Babeliales uc
asv9784	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv9785	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
asv9786	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv9788	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus
asv9789	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv9790	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
asv9791	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv9793	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv9794	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lutibacter
asv9795	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Cand_Megaira
asv9796	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
asv9797	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv9798	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv9799	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv9800	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv9801	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionellaceae uc
asv9802	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Piscirickettsiales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Cand_Endoecteinascidia
asv9803	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv9804	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv9805	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv9806	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv9807	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillaceae	Rhodospirillaceae uc
asv9808	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv9809	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_26	Subgroup_26 uc	Subgroup_26 uc	Subgroup_26 uc
asv9810	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	OM60(NOR5)
asv9811	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv9812	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
asv9813	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	KD3-93	KD3-93 uc
asv9814	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv9815	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Methylophagaceae	Methylophagaceae uc
asv9816	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv9817	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv9818	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv9819	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
asv9820	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv9821	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv9822	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
asv9823	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
asv9824	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv9825	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv9827	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionales uc	Micavibrionales uc
asv9828	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Thiotrichaceae	Cocleimonas
asv9829	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv9830	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv9831	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv9832	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
asv9833	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavicella
asv9834	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Puniceicoccaceae uc
asv9835	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaeria uc	Lentisphaeria uc	Lentisphaeria uc
asv9836	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
asv9837	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv9838	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv9839	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv9840	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv9841	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS4
asv9842	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv9843	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv9844	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv9845	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv9846	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Luminiphilus
asv9847	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Lactococcus
asv9849	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
asv9850	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv9851	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
asv9852	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv9853	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
asv9854	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv9855	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidaceae	Bacteroides
asv9856	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv9857	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
asv9858	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv9859	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Xanthobacteraceae	Xanthobacteraceae uc
asv9860	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	env.OPS_17	env.OPS_17 uc
asv9861	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv9862	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv9863	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv9864	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv9865	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	Sphingobacteriaceae	Sphingobacterium
asv9866	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Acidobacteriae	PAUC26f	PAUC26f uc	PAUC26f uc
asv9867	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv9868	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv9869	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv9870	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Propionibacteriales	Nocardioidaceae	Nocardioides
asv9871	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kiloniellales	Kiloniellaceae	Kiloniellaceae uc
asv9872	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
asv9873	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv9874	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv9875	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Vibrio
asv9876	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidaceae	Bacteroides
asv9877	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv9878	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Ulvibacter
asv9879	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv9880	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lutibacter
asv9882	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
asv9883	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium
asv9884	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Anaerolineales	Anaerolineaceae	Anaerolineaceae uc
asv9885	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellula
asv9886	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv9887	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv9888	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	AT-s2-59	AT-s2-59 uc	AT-s2-59 uc
asv9889	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv9890	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
asv9891	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Limibaculum
asv9892	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Ferruginibacter
asv9893	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv9895	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv9896	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc
asv9897	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv9898	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
asv9899	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Bythopirellula
asv9900	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
asv9901	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
asv9902	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv9903	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
asv9904	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Cand_Megaira
asv9906	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Arenicellales	Arenicellaceae	Arenicella
asv9907	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
asv9908	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
asv9909	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv9910	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Profundimonas
asv9911	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Oscillospirales	Oscillospiraceae	Oscillibacter
asv9912	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Opitutaceae	Opitutus
asv9913	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridia_UCG-014	Clostridia_UCG-014 uc	Clostridia_UCG-014 uc
asv9914	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rubellimicrobium
asv9915	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv9916	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaera
asv9917	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv9918	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv9919	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
asv9921	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingorhabdus
asv9922	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Kangiellaceae	Kangiellaceae uc
asv9924	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
asv9925	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	AKYH767	AKYH767 uc
asv9926	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
asv9927	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv9928	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv9929	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiohalorhabdales	Thiohalorhabdaceae	Thiohalorhabdaceae uc
asv9930	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv9931	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Reichenbachiella
asv9932	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv9933	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv9934	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv9935	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
asv9936	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ectothiorhodospirales	Thioalkalispiraceae	Thiohalophilus
asv9937	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv9938	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv9939	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Puniceicoccaceae uc
asv9940	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv9941	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv9942	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
asv9944	Bacteria	Fusobacteriota	Fusobacteriia	Fusobacteriales	Leptotrichiaceae	Leptotrichia
asv9945	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionales uc	Cellvibrionales uc
asv9946	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv9947	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Alteromonadaceae uc
asv9948	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
asv9949	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Paucibacter
asv9950	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv9951	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv9952	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv9953	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Fokiniaceae	MD3-55
asv9954	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter
asv9955	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv9956	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv9957	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv9958	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
asv9959	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv9960	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv9961	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv9962	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv9963	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv9964	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv9965	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv9966	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv9967	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv9968	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv9969	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Aerococcaceae	Abiotrophia
asv9970	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Bradymonadales	Bradymonadales uc	Bradymonadales uc
asv9971	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
asv9972	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv9973	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv9974	Bacteria	WS2	WS2 uc	WS2 uc	WS2 uc	WS2 uc
asv9975	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv9976	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
asv9977	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv9978	Bacteria	Dadabacteria	Dadabacteriia	Dadabacteriales	Dadabacteriales uc	Dadabacteriales uc
asv9979	Bacteria	Patescibacteria	Gracilibacteria	JGI_0000069-P22	JGI_0000069-P22 uc	JGI_0000069-P22 uc
asv9980	Bacteria	Fusobacteriota	Fusobacteriia	Fusobacteriales	Fusobacteriaceae	Propionigenium
asv9981	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Moritellaceae	Moritella
asv9982	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	SG8-4	SG8-4 uc
asv9983	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv9984	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Sediminibacterium
asv9985	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv9986	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv9987	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Leuconostocaceae	Weissella
asv9988	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	SG8-4	SG8-4 uc
asv9989	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
asv9990	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
asv9991	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
asv9992	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
asv9993	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
asv9994	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Schleiferiaceae	Schleiferia
asv9996	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
asv9997	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriales uc	Flavobacteriales uc
asv9998	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Ardenticatenales	Ardenticatenales uc	Ardenticatenales uc
asv9999	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv10000	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	TK17	TK17 uc	TK17 uc	TK17 uc
asv10001	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Reichenbachiella
asv10002	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
asv10003	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
asv10005	Bacteria	Latescibacterota	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc
asv10006	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
asv10007	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv10008	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Amoebophilaceae	Amoebophilaceae uc
asv10010	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
asv10011	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
asv10012	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Rubinisphaeraceae	Rubinisphaeraceae uc
asv10013	Bacteria	WPS-2	WPS-2 uc	WPS-2 uc	WPS-2 uc	WPS-2 uc
asv10014	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv10015	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
asv10016	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
asv10017	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingorhabdus
asv10018	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacteria	Desulfobacterales	Desulfosarcinaceae	SEEP-SRB1
asv10019	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Paraglaciecola
asv10021	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
asv10022	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Persicirhabdus
asv10023	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavicella
asv10024	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv10025	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv10026	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv10027	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	0319-6G20	0319-6G20 uc	0319-6G20 uc
asv10029	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EC3	EC3 uc	EC3 uc
asv10030	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
asv10031	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Hoeflea
asv10032	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv10033	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Micrococcaceae	Rothia
asv10034	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacter
asv10035	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Kapabacteria	Kapabacteriales	Kapabacteriales uc	Kapabacteriales uc
asv10036	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
asv10037	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv10038	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
asv10039	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	vadinHA49	vadinHA49 uc	vadinHA49 uc	vadinHA49 uc
asv10041	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv10042	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	Sphingobacteriaceae	Sphingobacterium
asv10044	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Bifidobacteriales	Bifidobacteriaceae	Bifidobacterium
asv10045	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv10046	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	P9X2b3D02	P9X2b3D02 uc	P9X2b3D02 uc	P9X2b3D02 uc
asv10047	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Microscillaceae	Microscillaceae uc
asv10048	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv10049	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	BD2-7	BD2-7 uc
asv10050	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv10051	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv10052	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv10053	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv10054	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Flammeovirgaceae	Flammeovirgaceae uc
asv10055	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
asv10056	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Litoreibacter
asv10057	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Puniceicoccaceae uc
asv10058	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
asv10059	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv10061	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Rhodocyclaceae	Sulfuritalea
asv10062	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Oleiphilaceae	Oleiphilus
asv10063	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv10064	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Omnitrophia	Omnitrophales	Omnitrophaceae	Cand_Omnitrophus
asv10065	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
asv10066	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla3_lineage	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc
asv10067	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	BD7-11	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc
asv10068	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Exiguobacterales	Exiguobacteraceae	Exiguobacterium
asv10069	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Oscillospirales	Ruminococcaceae	Faecalibacterium
asv10070	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv10071	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv10072	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv10073	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Allorhizobium-Neorhizobium-Pararhizobium-Rhizobium
asv10074	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Tabrizicola
asv10075	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Lysobacter
asv10076	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Anaerolineales	Anaerolineaceae	Anaerolineaceae uc
asv10077	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionales uc	Cellvibrionales uc
asv10078	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv10079	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	Babeliaceae	Babeliaceae uc
asv10080	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
asv10081	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv10082	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv10083	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
asv10084	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales_fa	Peptoniphilus
asv10085	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
asv10087	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	SM2D12	SM2D12 uc
asv10088	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
asv10089	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kiloniellales	Kiloniellaceae	Kiloniellaceae uc
asv10090	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales_fa	Anaerococcus
asv10091	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv10092	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
asv10093	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Verruc-01
asv10095	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Christensenellales	Christensenellaceae	Christensenellaceae uc
asv10096	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv10097	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
asv10098	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	AT-s2-59	AT-s2-59 uc	AT-s2-59 uc
asv10099	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv10100	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv10101	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	ASF356
asv10102	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Oscillospirales	Oscillospiraceae	Colidextribacter
asv10103	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	NS11-12	NS11-12 uc
asv10104	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv10105	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv10106	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
asv10107	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Roseibacillus
asv10108	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv10109	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv10110	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
asv10111	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter
asv10112	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiohalorhabdales	Thiohalorhabdaceae	Thiohalorhabdaceae uc
asv10113	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv10114	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Victivallales	Arctic95B-14	Arctic95B-14 uc
asv10115	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv10116	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv10117	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
asv10118	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv10119	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv10120	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Thiotrichaceae	Leucothrix
asv10121	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella
asv10122	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv10123	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
asv10124	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionellaceae uc
asv10125	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Beijerinckiaceae	1174-901-12
asv10126	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv10127	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv10128	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	KD3-93	KD3-93 uc
asv10129	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Planktomarina
asv10130	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv10131	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv10132	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv10133	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Gallionellaceae	Gallionellaceae uc
asv10134	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
asv10135	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv10136	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv10137	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv10138	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
asv10139	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Actinomarinales	Actinomarinales uc	Actinomarinales uc
asv10140	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Sva1033	Sva1033 uc	Sva1033 uc
asv10141	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv10142	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv10143	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Nitrosococcaceae	Nitrosococcaceae uc
asv10144	Bacteria	Spirochaetota	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales	Spirochaetaceae	Spirochaeta
asv10145	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Veillonellales-Selenomonadales	Veillonellaceae	Veillonella
asv10146	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionales uc	Micavibrionales uc
asv10147	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
asv10148	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv10149	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv10150	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv10151	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv10152	Bacteria	Hydrogenedentes	Hydrogenedentia	Hydrogenedentiales	Hydrogenedensaceae	Hydrogenedensaceae uc
asv10153	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv10154	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
asv10155	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv10156	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv10157	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv10158	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv10159	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Cyanobacteriia	Cyanobacteriia uc	Cyanobacteriia uc	Cyanobacteriia uc
asv10161	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv10162	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
asv10163	Bacteria	Dadabacteria	Dadabacteriia	Dadabacteriales	Dadabacteriales uc	Dadabacteriales uc
asv10164	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv10165	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv10166	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv10167	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Tateyamaria
asv10168	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
asv10169	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv10170	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv10171	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Piscirickettsiales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Cand_Endoecteinascidia
asv10172	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv10173	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv10174	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv10175	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv10176	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
asv10177	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv10178	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv10179	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv10180	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv10181	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv10182	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv10183	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv10184	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Luteolibacter
asv10185	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Bradymonadales	Bradymonadales uc	Bradymonadales uc
asv10186	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
asv10187	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
asv10188	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Bythopirellula
asv10189	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv10190	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter
asv10191	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
asv10192	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	AB1	AB1 uc
asv10193	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv10195	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv10196	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv10197	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv10198	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv10200	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Nannocystales	Nannocystaceae	Nannocystaceae uc
asv10201	Bacteria	Dadabacteria	Dadabacteriia	Dadabacteriales	Dadabacteriales uc	Dadabacteriales uc
asv10202	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Erysipelotrichales	Erysipelatoclostridiaceae	Erysipelatoclostridium
asv10203	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
asv10204	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
asv10205	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv10207	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
asv10208	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
asv10209	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
asv10210	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
asv10212	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
asv10213	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Reichenbachiella
asv10214	Bacteria	Hydrogenedentes	Hydrogenedentia	Hydrogenedentiales	Hydrogenedensaceae	Hydrogenedensaceae uc
asv10215	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv10216	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
asv10218	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Marimicrobium
asv10219	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv10220	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionaceae	Cellvibrionaceae uc
asv10221	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv10222	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv10223	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	BD7-11	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc
asv10224	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
asv10225	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Roseobacter_CHAB-I-5_lineage
asv10226	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Bacteriovoracaceae uc
asv10227	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
asv10228	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
asv10229	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv10230	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
asv10231	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv10232	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcota uc	Myxococcota uc	Myxococcota uc	Myxococcota uc
asv10233	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv10234	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
asv10235	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriales uc	Flavobacteriales uc
asv10236	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Cyanobacteriia	Cyanobacteriia uc	Cyanobacteriia uc	Cyanobacteriia uc
asv10237	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	S25-593	S25-593 uc
asv10238	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv10239	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv10240	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
asv10241	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	BD7-11	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc
asv10242	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv10243	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Planctomycetales uc	Planctomycetales uc
asv10245	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv10246	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv10247	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv10248	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv10249	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
asv10250	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv10251	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv10252	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv10253	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv10254	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Paucibacter
asv10255	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv10256	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halioglobus
asv10257	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv10258	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Spongiibacteraceae uc
asv10259	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	AT-s2-59	AT-s2-59 uc	AT-s2-59 uc
asv10260	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv10261	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv10262	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv10263	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
asv10264	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	CCM11a	CCM11a uc	CCM11a uc
asv10265	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	CCM11a	CCM11a uc	CCM11a uc
asv10266	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Cerasicoccus
asv10267	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv10268	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Rubinisphaeraceae	Rubinisphaeraceae uc
asv10269	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
asv10270	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Pleomorphomonadaceae	Pleomorphomonas
asv10271	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv10272	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv10273	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Hafniaceae	Hafnia-Obesumbacterium
asv10274	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales_fa	Peptoniphilus
asv10276	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Beijerinckiaceae	Methylobacterium-Methylorubrum
asv10277	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Portibacter
asv10278	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv10279	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Tenacibaculum
asv10281	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Thiotrichaceae	Leucothrix
asv10282	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
asv10283	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv10284	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
asv10285	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lutibacter
asv10286	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvibaculales	PS1	PS1 uc
asv10287	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavirhabdus
asv10288	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
asv10289	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Caulobacteraceae	Brevundimonas
asv10290	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv10291	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv10292	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv10293	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
asv10294	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv10295	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Rubritalea
asv10296	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Propionibacteriales	Nocardioidaceae	Marmoricola
asv10297	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aquibacter
asv10298	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv10299	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
asv10300	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	TRA3-20	TRA3-20 uc
asv10301	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv10302	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Nitrosococcaceae	AqS1
asv10303	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv10304	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
asv10305	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv10306	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv10307	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Bradymonadales	Bradymonadales uc	Bradymonadales uc
asv10308	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
asv10309	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Oscillospirales	Ruminococcaceae	Subdoligranulum
asv10310	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv10311	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Halomonadaceae	Halomonas
asv10312	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
asv10313	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Ulvibacter
asv10314	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Methyloligellaceae	Methyloligellaceae uc
asv10315	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv10316	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv10317	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Bacteriovoracaceae uc
asv10318	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
asv10319	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv10320	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv10321	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv10322	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Mariniflexile
asv10323	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv10324	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionaceae	Cellvibrionaceae uc
asv10325	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv10326	Bacteria	Zixibacteria	Zixibacteria uc	Zixibacteria uc	Zixibacteria uc	Zixibacteria uc
asv10327	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv10328	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv10330	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
asv10331	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaerales	Lentisphaeraceae	Lentisphaera
asv10332	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
asv10334	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	Kiritimatiellales	Kiritimatiellaceae	R76-B128
asv10335	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Enterovibrio
asv10336	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SS1-B-07-19	SS1-B-07-19 uc	SS1-B-07-19 uc
asv10337	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv10338	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
asv10339	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv10340	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
asv10341	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv10342	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobulbia	Desulfobulbales	Desulfobulbales uc	Desulfobulbales uc
asv10343	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
asv10344	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Amoebophilaceae	Amoebophilaceae uc
asv10345	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv10346	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv10347	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Sediminibacterium
asv10348	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv10349	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmata_or	Thermoplasmata_fa	Marine_Group_III
asv10350	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Blfdi19	Blfdi19 uc	Blfdi19 uc
asv10351	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv10352	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv10354	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
asv10355	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
asv10356	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv10357	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
asv10358	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobulbia	Desulfobulbales	Desulfocapsaceae	Desulfocapsaceae uc
asv10359	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaera
asv10360	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
asv10361	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	pItb-vmat-80	pItb-vmat-80 uc	pItb-vmat-80 uc
asv10362	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
asv10363	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
asv10364	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Hyphomonadaceae uc
asv10365	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
asv10366	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv10367	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv10368	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Bacteriovoracaceae uc
asv10369	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Marinicella
asv10370	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv10371	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
asv10372	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv10373	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group uc	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group uc	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group uc
asv10374	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sedimentitalea
asv10375	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
asv10376	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
asv10377	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	NAC11-7
asv10378	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv10379	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv10380	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_23
asv10381	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv10382	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv10383	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv10384	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Blfdi19	Blfdi19 uc	Blfdi19 uc
asv10386	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Maricaulis
asv10387	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv10388	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EC3	EC3 uc	EC3 uc
asv10389	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Lewinella
asv10391	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Winogradskyella
asv10392	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv10393	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionales uc	Micavibrionales uc
asv10394	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv10395	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
asv10396	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Fretibacter
asv10398	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Comamonadaceae uc
asv10399	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Actinomarinales	Actinomarinales uc	Actinomarinales uc
asv10400	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Arenicellales	Arenicellaceae	Arenicella
asv10401	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	JTB23	JTB23 uc	JTB23 uc
asv10402	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv10403	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rubripirellula
asv10404	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Polyangia uc	Polyangia uc	Polyangia uc
asv10405	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Polyangiales	Sandaracinaceae	Sandaracinaceae uc
asv10406	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv10407	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aurantivirga
asv10408	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaeria uc	Lentisphaeria uc	Lentisphaeria uc
asv10409	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Puniceicoccaceae uc
asv10410	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
asv10413	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Arcticiflavibacter
asv10414	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv10415	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv10416	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv10417	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
asv10418	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	SG8-4	SG8-4 uc
asv10420	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Novosphingobium
asv10421	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
asv10422	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv10423	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
asv10424	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv10425	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Varunaivibrio
asv10426	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
asv10427	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv10428	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS4
asv10429	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv10430	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv10431	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv10432	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv10433	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Rubinisphaeraceae	Rubinisphaeraceae uc
asv10434	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv10435	Bacteria	Latescibacterota	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc
asv10436	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
asv10437	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
asv10439	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv10440	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
asv10441	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv10442	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv10443	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc
asv10444	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Rubinisphaeraceae	Rubinisphaeraceae uc
asv10445	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv10446	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
asv10447	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv10448	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv10449	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
asv10450	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv10451	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Hyphomicrobiaceae	Pedomicrobium
asv10452	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
asv10453	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv10454	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Arcticiflavibacter
asv10455	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv10456	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_26	Subgroup_26 uc	Subgroup_26 uc	Subgroup_26 uc
asv10457	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
asv10458	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv10459	Bacteria	Latescibacterota	Latescibacteria	Latescibacterales	Latescibacteraceae	Latescibacteraceae uc
asv10460	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv10461	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
asv10462	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv10463	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv10464	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv10465	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Micrococcales uc	Micrococcales uc
asv10466	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Reyranellales	Reyranellaceae	Reyranella
asv10467	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv10468	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc
asv10469	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Fokiniaceae	MD3-55
asv10470	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rubripirellula
asv10471	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv10472	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
asv10473	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Algibacter
asv10474	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc
asv10475	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
asv10476	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
asv10478	Bacteria	Patescibacteria	Gracilibacteria	JGI_0000069-P22	JGI_0000069-P22 uc	JGI_0000069-P22 uc
asv10479	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv10480	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv10481	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv10484	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
asv10485	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caedibacterales	Caedibacteraceae	Caedibacter
asv10486	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
asv10487	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	SBR1031	SBR1031 uc	SBR1031 uc
asv10488	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
asv10489	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv10490	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv10491	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv10492	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Sinobacterium
asv10493	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Oscillospirales	Oscillospiraceae	Flavonifractor
asv10494	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales_fa	Anaerococcus
asv10495	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	NAC11-7
asv10496	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	Babeliales uc	Babeliales uc
asv10497	Bacteria	Sumerlaeota	Sumerlaeia	Sumerlaeales	Sumerlaeaceae	Sumerlaea
asv10498	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv10499	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	Kiritimatiellales	Kiritimatiellaceae	MSBL3
asv10500	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv10501	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
asv10503	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv10504	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv10505	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
asv10506	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
asv10507	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Novosphingobium
asv10508	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Bradymonadales	Bradymonadales uc	Bradymonadales uc
asv10509	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv10510	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
asv10511	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv10512	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Ardenticatenales	Ardenticatenales uc	Ardenticatenales uc
asv10513	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Xanthobacteraceae	Afipia
asv10514	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
asv10515	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv10516	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv10517	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
asv10518	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv10520	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Erysipelotrichales	Erysipelotrichaceae	Erysipelotrichaceae uc
asv10522	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionaceae	Marinagarivorans
asv10523	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	JG30-KF-CM66	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc
asv10524	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
asv10525	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	SM23-30	SM23-30 uc
asv10526	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionellaceae uc
asv10527	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales_fa	Peptoniphilus
asv10528	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Halomonadaceae	Halomonas
asv10529	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Pedosphaerales	Pedosphaeraceae	Pedosphaeraceae uc
asv10530	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Tepidisphaerales	WD2101_soil_group	WD2101_soil_group uc
asv10531	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Bacteriovoracaceae uc
asv10532	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
asv10533	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv10534	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv10535	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv10536	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionaceae	Cellvibrionaceae uc
asv10537	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv10538	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales_fa	Anaerococcus
asv10539	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	S25-593	S25-593 uc
asv10540	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv10541	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Actibacter
asv10542	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv10543	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv10544	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
asv10545	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv10546	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
asv10547	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aurantivirga
asv10548	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	NAC11-7
asv10549	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv10550	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv10551	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
asv10552	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla3_lineage	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc
asv10553	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halioglobus
asv10554	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv10555	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	AKAU3564_sediment_group	AKAU3564_sediment_group uc
asv10556	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv10557	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv10558	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv10559	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv10560	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv10562	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv10563	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv10564	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv10565	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv10566	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Tannerellaceae	Macellibacteroides
asv10567	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus
asv10568	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
asv10569	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv10570	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	UBA12411	UBA12411 uc
asv10571	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv10572	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv10573	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Arenicellales	Arenicellaceae	Arenicella
asv10574	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv10575	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv10576	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
asv10577	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	S25-593	S25-593 uc
asv10579	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Novosphingobium
asv10580	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Vampirivibrionia	Obscuribacterales	Obscuribacteraceae	Obscuribacteraceae uc
asv10582	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Psychroserpens
asv10583	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Olleya
asv10584	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv10585	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
asv10586	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv10587	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Reyranellales	Reyranellaceae	Reyranella
asv10588	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv10589	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Formosa
asv10590	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv10591	Bacteria	Patescibacteria	Gracilibacteria	Gracilibacteria uc	Gracilibacteria uc	Gracilibacteria uc
asv10592	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv10593	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv10594	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv10595	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv10596	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	CHAB-XI-27	CHAB-XI-27 uc	CHAB-XI-27 uc
asv10597	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv10598	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Amylibacter
asv10599	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv10600	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiales uc	Rhizobiales uc
asv10601	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Ardenticatenales	Ardenticatenales uc	Ardenticatenales uc
asv10602	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvibaculales	PS1	PS1 uc
asv10603	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvibaculales	Parvibaculaceae	Mf105b01
asv10604	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv10605	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv10606	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv10607	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
asv10608	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaera
asv10609	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
asv10610	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
asv10611	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rubripirellula
asv10612	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv10613	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Amylibacter
asv10615	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionales uc	Micavibrionales uc
asv10616	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Hymenobacteraceae	Hymenobacter
asv10617	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Actinomarinales	Actinomarinales uc	Actinomarinales uc
asv10618	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Fokiniaceae	Fokiniaceae uc
asv10619	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Formosa
asv10620	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv10621	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Puniceicoccaceae uc
asv10622	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv10623	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv10624	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv10625	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Urania-1B-19_marine_sediment_group
asv10626	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
asv10627	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
asv10628	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
asv10629	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla3_lineage	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc
asv10630	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv10631	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aurantivirga
asv10632	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv10634	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv10635	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv10636	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lutibacter
asv10637	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
asv10638	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ectothiorhodospirales	Ectothiorhodospiraceae	Ectothiorhodospiraceae uc
asv10639	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv10640	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv10641	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv10642	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Oscillospirales	Oscillospirales uc	Oscillospirales uc
asv10643	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv10644	Bacteria	WPS-2	WPS-2 uc	WPS-2 uc	WPS-2 uc	WPS-2 uc
asv10645	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aquibacter
asv10646	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	SM1A02
asv10647	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv10648	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv10649	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv10650	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacteria	Desulfatiglandales	Desulfatiglandaceae	Desulfatiglans
asv10651	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Cyanobacteriia	Cyanobacteriia uc	Cyanobacteriia uc	Cyanobacteriia uc
asv10652	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Methyloligellaceae	Methyloceanibacter
asv10653	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Methyloligellaceae	Methyloligellaceae uc
asv10654	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv10655	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group uc	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group uc	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group uc
asv10656	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
asv10657	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Rhodothermia	Rhodothermales	Rhodothermaceae	Rhodothermaceae uc
asv10658	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
asv10659	Bacteria	Sumerlaeota	Sumerlaeia	Sumerlaeales	Sumerlaeaceae	Sumerlaea
asv10660	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv10661	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv10662	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Bradymonadales	Bradymonadales uc	Bradymonadales uc
asv10663	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv10664	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Dermabacteraceae	Brachybacterium
asv10665	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	053A03-B-DI-P58	053A03-B-DI-P58 uc	053A03-B-DI-P58 uc
asv10666	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Frankiales	Frankiales uc	Frankiales uc
asv10667	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv10668	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Cand_Megaira
asv10669	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv10670	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Blastocatellia	Pyrinomonadales	Pyrinomonadaceae	Pyrinomonas
asv10671	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv10672	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
asv10673	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	SS1-B-02-17	SS1-B-02-17 uc	SS1-B-02-17 uc
asv10674	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv10675	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rubripirellula
asv10676	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kiloniellales	Kiloniellaceae	Kiloniellaceae uc
asv10677	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv10678	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv10679	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	AT-s3-28	AT-s3-28 uc	AT-s3-28 uc	AT-s3-28 uc
asv10680	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingorhabdus
asv10681	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv10682	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Pseudoclavibacter
asv10683	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv10684	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	AT-s3-28	AT-s3-28 uc	AT-s3-28 uc	AT-s3-28 uc
asv10685	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
asv10686	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv10687	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Staphylococcales	Staphylococcaceae	Staphylococcus
asv10688	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv10690	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv10691	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvibaculales	PS1	PS1 uc
asv10692	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Rhodothermia	Rhodothermales	Rhodothermaceae	Rhodothermaceae uc
asv10693	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv10695	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Roseibacillus
asv10696	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionaceae	Cellvibrionaceae uc
asv10697	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv10698	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
asv10699	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
asv10700	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Kangiellaceae	Aliikangiella
asv10701	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv10702	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv10703	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv10704	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
asv10705	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Anaerolineales	Anaerolineaceae	Anaerolineaceae uc
asv10706	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kordiimonadales	Kordiimonadaceae	Kordiimonas
asv10707	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
asv10708	Bacteria	Latescibacterota	Latescibacteria	Latescibacterales	Latescibacteraceae	Latescibacteraceae uc
asv10709	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv10711	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionaceae	Marinagarivorans
asv10712	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Oscillospirales	Ruminococcaceae	Anaerofilum
asv10713	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Alloprevotella
asv10714	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
asv10715	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Pectobacteriaceae	Pectobacteriaceae uc
asv10716	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv10717	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv10718	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	NKB5	NKB5 uc	NKB5 uc
asv10719	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv10720	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
asv10722	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
asv10723	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	KD4-96	KD4-96 uc	KD4-96 uc	KD4-96 uc
asv10724	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionellaceae uc
asv10725	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
asv10726	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Oscillospirales	Oscillospiraceae	Oscillospiraceae uc
asv10727	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Bradymonadales	Bradymonadales uc	Bradymonadales uc
asv10728	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Blautia
asv10729	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv10730	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Oscillospirales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminococcaceae uc
asv10731	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	IMCC26256	IMCC26256 uc	IMCC26256 uc
asv10732	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv10733	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv10734	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriales uc	Flavobacteriales uc
asv10735	Bacteria	Deinococcota	Deinococci	Thermales	Thermaceae	Meiothermus
asv10736	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Salinirepens
asv10737	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv10738	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Blfdi19	Blfdi19 uc	Blfdi19 uc
asv10739	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Lewinella
asv10740	Bacteria	Latescibacterota	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc
asv10741	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionaceae	Micavibrionaceae uc
asv10742	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	BD7-11	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc
asv10743	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv10744	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Microtrichaceae uc
asv10745	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv10746	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
asv10747	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Granulosicoccales	Granulosicoccaceae	Granulosicoccus
asv10748	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobulbia	Desulfobulbales	Desulfocapsaceae	Desulfocapsaceae uc
asv10749	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv10750	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv10751	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Subgroup_9	Subgroup_9 uc	Subgroup_9 uc
asv10752	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv10753	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionellaceae uc
asv10754	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Fokiniaceae	Fokiniaceae uc
asv10756	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Azospirillales	Azospirillaceae	Skermanella
asv10757	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv10758	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
asv10759	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv10760	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv10761	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
asv10763	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Alteromonadaceae uc
asv10764	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Winogradskyella
asv10765	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv10766	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	AB1	AB1 uc
asv10767	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv10768	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidaceae	Bacteroides
asv10769	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwelliaceae uc
asv10770	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Nitriliruptorales	Nitriliruptoraceae	Nitriliruptoraceae uc
asv10771	Bacteria	Dadabacteria	Dadabacteriia	Dadabacteriales	Dadabacteriales uc	Dadabacteriales uc
asv10772	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv10773	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	SG8-4	SG8-4 uc
asv10774	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
asv10775	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv10776	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv10777	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv10778	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Clavibacter
asv10780	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv10781	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidales uc	Bacteroidales uc
asv10782	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	NS11-12	NS11-12 uc
asv10783	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv10784	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv10785	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Marinicella
asv10786	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
asv10787	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv10788	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv10789	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv10790	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv10791	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	JTB23	JTB23 uc	JTB23 uc
asv10792	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv10793	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	CHAB-XI-27	CHAB-XI-27 uc	CHAB-XI-27 uc
asv10794	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv10795	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv10796	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	CL500-3
asv10797	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
asv10798	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	CL500-3
asv10799	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
asv10800	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
asv10801	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv10802	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv10803	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Thiotrichaceae	Thiotrichaceae uc
asv10804	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Anaerolineales	Anaerolineaceae	Anaerolineaceae uc
asv10805	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv10806	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv10807	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionales uc	Micavibrionales uc
asv10808	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Albimonas
asv10809	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
asv10810	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv10811	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv10812	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv10813	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
asv10815	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv10816	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aurantivirga
asv10817	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
asv10818	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Spongiibacteraceae uc
asv10819	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
asv10820	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv10821	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	Kiritimatiellales	Kiritimatiellaceae	R76-B128
asv10822	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv10823	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales uc	Rickettsiales uc
asv10824	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
asv10825	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv10826	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingopyxis
asv10827	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Gilvibacter
asv10828	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv10829	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv10830	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv10831	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
asv10832	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
asv10833	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv10834	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv10835	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv10836	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionales uc	Micavibrionales uc
asv10837	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	NAC11-7
asv10838	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
asv10839	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv10840	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv10841	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvibaculales	OCS116	OCS116 uc
asv10842	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv10843	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
asv10845	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv10846	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv10847	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
asv10848	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
asv10849	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv10850	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
asv10851	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	Methylotenera
asv10852	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospiraceae uc
asv10853	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv10854	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	NAC11-7
asv10855	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
asv10856	Bacteria	Hydrogenedentes	Hydrogenedentia	Hydrogenedentiales	Hydrogenedensaceae	Hydrogenedensaceae uc
asv10857	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
asv10859	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv10860	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Polyangiales	Sandaracinaceae	Sandaracinaceae uc
asv10861	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	AT-s2-59	AT-s2-59 uc	AT-s2-59 uc
asv10862	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv10863	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Carnobacteriaceae	Atopostipes
asv10865	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS4
asv10866	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv10867	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Planococcaceae	Lysinibacillus
asv10868	Bacteria	Nitrospirota	Nitrospiria	Nitrospirales	Nitrospiraceae	Nitrospira
asv10869	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
asv10870	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv10871	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv10872	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv10873	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv10874	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv10875	Bacteria	Fibrobacterota	Fibrobacteria	Fibrobacterales	Fibrobacteraceae	Fibrobacteraceae uc
asv10876	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Tenacibaculum
asv10877	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavicella
asv10878	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Microbacterium
asv10879	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
asv10880	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv10881	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv10882	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cytophagales uc	Cytophagales uc
asv10883	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kordiimonadales	Kordiimonadaceae	Kordiimonas
asv10884	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Acidibacter
asv10885	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
asv10886	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
asv10889	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
asv10890	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv10891	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv10892	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_26	Subgroup_26 uc	Subgroup_26 uc	Subgroup_26 uc
asv10893	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv10894	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv10895	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv10896	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
asv10897	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
asv10898	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv10899	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	AB1	AB1 uc
asv10900	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	SM1A02
asv10901	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichales uc	Microtrichales uc
asv10902	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv10903	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv10904	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
asv10905	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv10906	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv10907	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv10908	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv10909	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Omnitrophia	Omnitrophales	Omnitrophaceae	Cand_Omnitrophus
asv10910	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Glaciecola
asv10911	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv10912	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv10913	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv10914	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
asv10915	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Thermoleophilia	Gaiellales	Gaiellales uc	Gaiellales uc
asv10916	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv10917	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Oxalobacteraceae	Janthinobacterium
asv10918	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv10919	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Hymenobacteraceae	Adhaeribacter
asv10920	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
asv10921	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv10922	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Thermoleophilia	Solirubrobacterales	Solirubrobacteraceae	Solirubrobacteraceae uc
asv10923	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
asv10924	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Bacteriovoracaceae uc
asv10925	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus
asv10926	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
asv10927	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Thermoleophilia	Gaiellales	Gaiellales uc	Gaiellales uc
asv10928	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Varunaivibrio
asv10929	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv10930	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Nitrosomonadaceae	DSSD61
asv10931	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv10932	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ga0077536	Ga0077536 uc	Ga0077536 uc
asv10933	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv10934	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Rubinisphaeraceae	Fuerstia
asv10935	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	SM1A02
asv10936	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv10937	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Staphylococcales	Staphylococcaceae	Staphylococcus
asv10938	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	P9X2b3D02	P9X2b3D02 uc	P9X2b3D02 uc	P9X2b3D02 uc
asv10939	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Omnitrophia	Omnitrophales	Omnitrophaceae	Cand_Omnitrophus
asv10940	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv10941	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
asv10942	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
asv10943	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS2b
asv10944	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Persicirhabdus
asv10945	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	MBAE14	MBAE14 uc	MBAE14 uc
asv10946	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	NRL2	NRL2 uc	NRL2 uc
asv10947	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv10948	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
asv10949	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Methyloligellaceae	Methyloligellaceae uc
asv10950	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Thiotrichaceae	Cocleimonas
asv10951	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacteria	Desulfobacterales	Desulfobacteraceae	Desulfobacula
asv10952	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv10953	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv10954	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Planctomycetales uc	Planctomycetales uc
asv10955	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
asv10956	Bacteria	Hydrogenedentes	Hydrogenedentia	Hydrogenedentiales	Hydrogenedensaceae	Hydrogenedensaceae uc
asv10957	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
asv10958	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
asv10959	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	Babeliales uc	Babeliales uc
asv10960	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
asv10961	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Ulvibacter
asv10962	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv10963	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
asv10964	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv10966	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Fokiniaceae	MD3-55
asv10967	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv10968	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Porphyrobacter
asv10969	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv10970	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Polyangiales	BIrii41	BIrii41 uc
asv10971	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwelliaceae uc
asv10972	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv10973	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv10974	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv10975	Bacteria	AncK6	AncK6 uc	AncK6 uc	AncK6 uc	AncK6 uc
asv10976	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Saccharospirillaceae	Saccharospirillaceae uc
asv10977	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Acetobacterales	Acetobacteraceae	Acidiphilium
asv10978	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc
asv10979	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
asv10980	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridia_vadinBB60_group	Clostridia_vadinBB60_group uc	Clostridia_vadinBB60_group uc
asv10981	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Microbacteriaceae uc
asv10982	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv10983	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Cerasicoccus
asv10984	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv10985	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ectothiorhodospirales	Thioalkalispiraceae	Thiohalophilus
asv10986	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionales uc	Micavibrionales uc
asv10987	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
asv10988	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv10989	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SS1-B-07-19	SS1-B-07-19 uc	SS1-B-07-19 uc
asv10990	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiohalorhabdales	Thiohalorhabdaceae	Thiohalorhabdaceae uc
asv10991	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv10992	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Thiotrichaceae	Cocleimonas
asv10993	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv10994	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv10995	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv10997	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	BD7-11	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc
asv10998	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv10999	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Luminiphilus
asv11000	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv11001	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv11002	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv11003	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Lentimonas
asv11004	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv11005	Bacteria	Deinococcota	Deinococci	Thermales	Thermaceae	Thermus
asv11006	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv11007	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv11008	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv11009	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv11010	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Acetobacterales	Acetobacteraceae	Roseomonas
asv11011	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	SCGC_AAA011-D5	SCGC_AAA011-D5 uc
asv11012	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv11013	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EV818SWSAP88	EV818SWSAP88 uc	EV818SWSAP88 uc
asv11014	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv11015	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pasteurellales	Pasteurellaceae	Actinobacillus
asv11016	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Halobacteriovorax
asv11017	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Frigidibacter
asv11018	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv11019	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Cryobacterium
asv11020	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv11021	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv11022	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EC3	EC3 uc	EC3 uc
asv11023	Bacteria	Sumerlaeota	Sumerlaeia	Sumerlaeales	Sumerlaeaceae	Sumerlaea
asv11024	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_21	Subgroup_21 uc	Subgroup_21 uc	Subgroup_21 uc
asv11025	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv11026	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv11027	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv11028	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv11029	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
asv11031	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv11032	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
asv11033	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv11034	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Acidobacteriae	Subgroup_13	Subgroup_13 uc	Subgroup_13 uc
asv11035	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Rubritalea
asv11037	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
asv11038	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv11039	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv11040	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
asv11041	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv11042	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv11043	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv11045	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Rubritalea
asv11046	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Paracoccus
asv11047	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
asv11048	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsia
asv11049	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Planktotalea
asv11050	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv11051	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv11052	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Formosa
asv11053	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv11054	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv11055	Bacteria	Nitrospirota	Nitrospiria	Nitrospirales	Nitrospiraceae	Nitrospira
asv11056	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
asv11057	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv11058	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv11059	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv11060	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv11061	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	SM1A02
asv11062	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv11063	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
asv11064	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
asv11065	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv11066	Bacteria	Dadabacteria	Dadabacteriia	Dadabacteriales	Dadabacteriales uc	Dadabacteriales uc
asv11067	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Xanthobacteraceae	Afipia
asv11068	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
asv11069	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv11070	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter
asv11071	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Algicola
asv11072	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv11073	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter
asv11074	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv11075	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv11076	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv11077	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
asv11078	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	Bdellovibrio
asv11079	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv11080	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Hydrogenophilaceae	Hydrogenophilus
asv11081	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv11083	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv11084	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
asv11085	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Roseibacillus
asv11086	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Chromatiales	Chromatiaceae	Chromatiaceae uc
asv11087	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
asv11088	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
asv11089	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionaceae	Cellvibrionaceae uc
asv11090	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EC3	EC3 uc	EC3 uc
asv11091	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	NAC11-7
asv11092	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	SM2D12	SM2D12 uc
asv11093	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
asv11094	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
asv11095	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Tenderiales	Tenderiaceae	Cand_Tenderia
asv11096	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
asv11097	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	SM2D12	SM2D12 uc
asv11098	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	Babeliales uc	Babeliales uc
asv11099	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv11100	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Bradymonadales	Bradymonadales uc	Bradymonadales uc
asv11101	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv11102	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
asv11103	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_23
asv11104	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionaceae	Micavibrionaceae uc
asv11106	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	AKAU3564_sediment_group	AKAU3564_sediment_group uc
asv11107	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv11108	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv11109	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Microbacteriaceae uc
asv11110	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Spirosomaceae	Dyadobacter
asv11111	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Cand_Megaira
asv11112	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvibaculales	OCS116	OCS116 uc
asv11113	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Methanomassiliicoccales	Methanomethylophilaceae	Cand_Methanogranum
asv11114	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv11115	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
asv11116	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Piscirickettsiales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Cand_Endoecteinascidia
asv11117	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv11118	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
asv11119	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
asv11120	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Microscillaceae	Microscilla
asv11121	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv11122	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
asv11123	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla3_lineage	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc
asv11124	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv11125	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
asv11126	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv11127	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
asv11128	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiales uc	Rhizobiales uc
asv11129	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv11130	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv11131	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
asv11132	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingorhabdus
asv11133	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Fokiniaceae	MD3-55
asv11134	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
asv11135	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv11136	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
asv11137	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv11138	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
asv11139	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Polyangiales	Eel-36e1D6	Eel-36e1D6 uc
asv11140	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Paenibacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Paenibacillus
asv11141	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionellaceae uc
asv11142	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv11143	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv11144	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv11145	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Propionibacteriales	Nocardioidaceae	Marmoricola
asv11146	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
asv11147	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Holosporales	Holosporaceae	Holosporaceae uc
asv11148	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
asv11149	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	FS140-16B-02
asv11150	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv11151	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Allofrancisella
asv11152	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Nitrosococcaceae	Cm1-21
asv11153	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv11154	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
asv11155	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv11156	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv11157	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
asv11158	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
asv11159	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Urania-1B-19_marine_sediment_group
asv11160	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv11161	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Shimia
asv11162	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionales uc	Cellvibrionales uc
asv11163	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv11164	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc
asv11165	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv11166	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	Gemmatimonadetes	Gemmatimonadales	Gemmatimonadaceae	Gemmatimonadaceae uc
asv11167	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Anaerolineales	Anaerolineaceae	Anaerolineaceae uc
asv11168	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
asv11169	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv11170	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Anaerolineales	Anaerolineaceae	Anaerolineaceae uc
asv11171	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv11172	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillaceae	Rhodospirillaceae uc
asv11173	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv11174	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Fokiniaceae	MD3-55
asv11175	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv11176	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
asv11177	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Curvibacter
asv11178	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
asv11179	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
asv11180	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prolixibacteraceae	Roseimarinus
asv11181	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
asv11182	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv11183	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv11184	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv11185	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Erysipelotrichales	Erysipelotrichaceae	Dubosiella
asv11186	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv11187	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv11188	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv11189	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	DscP2	DscP2 uc	DscP2 uc
asv11190	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	BD7-11	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc
asv11191	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv11192	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Subgroup_9	Subgroup_9 uc	Subgroup_9 uc
asv11193	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
asv11194	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
asv11195	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Coriobacteriia	Coriobacteriales	Atopobiaceae	Atopobium
asv11196	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
asv11197	Bacteria	Patescibacteria	Saccharimonadia	Saccharimonadales	Saccharimonadales uc	Saccharimonadales uc
asv11198	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter
asv11199	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv11200	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Caulobacteraceae	Brevundimonas
asv11201	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv11202	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobulbia	Desulfobulbales	Desulfocapsaceae	Desulfocapsaceae uc
asv11203	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingobium
asv11204	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv11205	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv11206	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_23
asv11207	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
asv11208	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Oxalobacteraceae	Massilia
asv11209	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv11210	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus
asv11211	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Altererythrobacter
asv11212	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv11213	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kiloniellales	Kiloniellaceae	Kiloniellaceae uc
asv11214	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Bradymonadales	Bradymonadales uc	Bradymonadales uc
asv11215	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv11216	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla4_lineage	Pla4_lineage uc	Pla4_lineage uc	Pla4_lineage uc
asv11217	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aquibacter
asv11218	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv11219	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aquibacter
asv11220	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv11221	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
asv11222	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium
asv11223	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv11224	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Granulosicoccales	Granulosicoccaceae	Granulosicoccus
asv11226	Bacteria	Patescibacteria	Gracilibacteria	JGI_0000069-P22	JGI_0000069-P22 uc	JGI_0000069-P22 uc
asv11227	Bacteria	Hydrogenedentes	Hydrogenedentia	Hydrogenedentiales	Hydrogenedensaceae	Hydrogenedensaceae uc
asv11228	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Beijerinckiaceae	1174-901-12
asv11229	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv11230	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
asv11231	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
asv11232	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
asv11233	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	Sphingobacteriaceae	Sphingobacterium
asv11234	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Frankiales	Frankiales uc	Frankiales uc
asv11235	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv11236	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv11237	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aurantivirga
asv11238	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
asv11239	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ectothiorhodospirales	Ectothiorhodospiraceae	Ectothiorhodospiraceae uc
asv11240	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv11241	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter
asv11243	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Ulvibacter
asv11244	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
asv11245	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Parafrigoribacterium
asv11246	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Shuttleworthia
asv11247	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Altererythrobacter
asv11248	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospiraceae_FCS020_group
asv11249	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotellaceae uc
asv11250	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	MN_122.2a
asv11251	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Haliangiales	Haliangiaceae	Haliangium
asv11252	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Tenacibaculum
asv11253	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
asv11254	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
asv11255	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
asv11256	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter
asv11257	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Rhodothermia	Rhodothermales	Rhodothermaceae	Rhodothermaceae uc
asv11258	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv11260	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	Bdellovibrio
asv11261	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv11262	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv11263	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv11264	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv11265	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobulbia	Desulfobulbales	Desulfocapsaceae	Desulfocapsaceae uc
asv11266	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Dasania
asv11267	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
asv11268	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
asv11269	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv11270	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Octadecabacter
asv11271	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lutibacter
asv11272	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lutimonas
asv11273	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionaceae	Micavibrionaceae uc
asv11274	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv11275	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv11276	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_23
asv11277	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Hymenobacteraceae	Adhaeribacter
asv11278	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv11279	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Actinomarinales	Actinomarinales uc	Actinomarinales uc
asv11280	Bacteria	Latescibacterota	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc
asv11281	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv11282	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv11283	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Paracoccus
asv11284	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Sediminibacterium
asv11285	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Rubinisphaeraceae	Rubinisphaeraceae uc
asv11286	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv11287	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Planktotalea
asv11288	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
asv11289	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacteraceae	Vicinamibacteraceae uc
asv11290	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv11291	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv11292	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
asv11293	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
asv11294	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv11295	Bacteria	Fibrobacterota	Fibrobacteria	Fibrobacterales	Fibrobacteraceae	Fibrobacteraceae uc
asv11296	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Hymenobacteraceae	Hymenobacter
asv11297	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv11298	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv11299	Bacteria	Latescibacterota	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc
asv11300	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	Vermiphilaceae	Vermiphilaceae uc
asv11301	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
asv11302	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Psychrobium
asv11303	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv11304	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales_fa	Fenollaria
asv11305	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv11306	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv11307	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv11308	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv11309	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv11310	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv11311	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv11312	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv11313	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
asv11314	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv11315	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Vibrio
asv11316	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	UBA12409	UBA12409 uc
asv11317	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv11318	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
asv11319	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Algibacter
asv11320	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caedibacterales	Caedibacteraceae	Caedibacteraceae uc
asv11321	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	Gemmatimonadetes	Gemmatimonadales	Gemmatimonadaceae	Gemmatimonadaceae uc
asv11322	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
asv11323	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv11324	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
asv11325	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv11326	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv11327	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv11328	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv11329	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv11330	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Cognatiyoonia
asv11332	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv11333	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv11334	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv11335	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv11336	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Salinirepens
asv11337	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	UBA12409	UBA12409 uc
asv11338	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv11339	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Amylibacter
asv11340	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospirales uc	Lachnospirales uc
asv11341	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisella
asv11342	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv11343	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
asv11344	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
asv11345	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
asv11346	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv11347	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv11348	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Terasakiellaceae	Terasakiellaceae uc
asv11349	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Marinicella
asv11350	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Beijerinckiaceae	Bosea
asv11351	Bacteria	Patescibacteria	Gracilibacteria	Cand_Peregrinibacteria	Cand_Peregrinibacteria uc	Cand_Peregrinibacteria uc
asv11352	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv11353	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
asv11354	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv11355	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv11356	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Paracoccus
asv11357	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Cyanobacteriia	Cyanobacteriia uc	Cyanobacteriia uc	Cyanobacteriia uc
asv11358	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Algoriphagus
asv11359	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Psychrobacter
asv11360	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv11362	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
asv11363	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv11364	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
asv11365	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_21	Subgroup_21 uc	Subgroup_21 uc	Subgroup_21 uc
asv11366	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
asv11367	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv11368	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv11369	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
asv11370	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Bradymonadales	Bradymonadales uc	Bradymonadales uc
asv11371	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv11372	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	Kiritimatiellales	Kiritimatiellaceae	R76-B128
asv11373	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Algibacter
asv11374	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv11375	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Schleiferiaceae	Schleiferia
asv11377	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv11378	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv11379	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla3_lineage	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc
asv11380	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	AB1	AB1 uc
asv11381	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv11382	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	NAC11-7
asv11383	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv11384	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv11385	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	F9P41300-M23	F9P41300-M23 uc	F9P41300-M23 uc
asv11386	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv11387	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv11388	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS2b
asv11389	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
asv11391	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv11392	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Nitrosomonadaceae	GOUTA6
asv11393	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
asv11394	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
asv11395	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiohalorhabdales	Thiohalorhabdaceae	Thiohalorhabdaceae uc
asv11396	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Planctomycetales uc	Planctomycetales uc
asv11397	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
asv11398	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv11399	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	028H05-P-BN-P5	028H05-P-BN-P5 uc	028H05-P-BN-P5 uc	028H05-P-BN-P5 uc
asv11400	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Cand_Megaira
asv11401	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv11402	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
asv11403	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv11404	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv11405	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Granulosicoccales	Granulosicoccaceae	Granulosicoccus
asv11406	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv11407	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Kangiellaceae	Aliikangiella
asv11408	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv11410	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv11411	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv11412	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv11413	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv11414	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Urania-1B-19_marine_sediment_group
asv11415	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv11416	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisella
asv11417	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv11418	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv11419	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv11420	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv11421	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Subgroup_9	Subgroup_9 uc	Subgroup_9 uc
asv11422	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
asv11423	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	S25-593	S25-593 uc
asv11424	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv11425	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
asv11426	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Nitrosococcaceae	MSB-1D1
asv11427	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv11428	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	SCGC_AAA011-D5	SCGC_AAA011-D5 uc
asv11429	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Paenibacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Cohnella
asv11430	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus
asv11431	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv11432	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv11433	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
asv11434	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv11435	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv11436	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacteria	Desulfatiglandales	Desulfatiglandaceae	Desulfatiglans
asv11437	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Kangiellaceae	Kangiellaceae uc
asv11438	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
asv11439	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv11440	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv11441	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv11442	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halioglobus
asv11443	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv11444	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kiloniellales	Kiloniellaceae	Kiloniellaceae uc
asv11445	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
asv11446	Bacteria	Abditibacteriota	Abditibacteria	Abditibacteriales	Abditibacteriaceae	Abditibacterium
asv11447	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
asv11449	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Omnitrophia	Omnitrophales	Omnitrophaceae	Cand_Omnitrophus
asv11450	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv11452	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Chthoniobacterales	Terrimicrobiaceae	Terrimicrobium
asv11453	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
asv11454	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotellaceae_Ga6A1_group
asv11455	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium
asv11456	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv11457	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Urania-1B-19_marine_sediment_group
asv11458	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv11459	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Kangiellaceae	Kangiellaceae uc
asv11460	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Marinilabiliaceae	Carboxylicivirga
asv11461	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv11462	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Haloferula
asv11463	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	Kiritimatiellales	Kiritimatiellaceae	R76-B128
asv11464	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
asv11465	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Microscillaceae	Microscillaceae uc
asv11466	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv11467	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Piscirickettsiales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Cand_Endoecteinascidia
asv11468	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
asv11469	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
asv11470	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Bernardetiaceae	Bernardetia
asv11471	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
asv11472	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv11473	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
asv11474	Bacteria	Deferrisomatota	Defferrisomatia	Defferrisomatales	Defferrisomataceae	Deferrisoma
asv11475	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv11476	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv11477	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Planctomycetales uc	Planctomycetales uc
asv11478	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	Woesearchaeales uc	Woesearchaeales uc
asv11479	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Urania-1B-19_marine_sediment_group
asv11480	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales_fa	Anaerococcus
asv11481	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Victivallales	Arctic95B-14	Arctic95B-14 uc
asv11483	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
asv11484	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pasteurellales	Pasteurellaceae	Haemophilus
asv11485	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Ilumatobacteraceae	Ilumatobacteraceae uc
asv11486	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Enterobacteriaceae	Enterobacteriaceae uc
asv11487	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv11488	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
asv11489	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv11490	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Conyzicola
asv11491	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv11492	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter
asv11494	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
asv11495	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Weeksellaceae	Chryseobacterium
asv11496	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
asv11497	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv11498	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvibaculales	PS1	PS1 uc
asv11499	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Ulvibacter
asv11500	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales	Fusibacteraceae	Fusibacter
asv11501	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Rhodothermia	Rhodothermales	Rhodothermaceae	Rhodothermaceae uc
asv11502	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
asv11503	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacteria	Desulfobacterales	Desulfosarcinaceae	Desulfosarcinaceae uc
asv11505	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
asv11506	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv11507	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
asv11508	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv11509	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Thalassotalea
asv11510	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
asv11511	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
asv11512	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Zetaproteobacteria	Mariprofundales	Mariprofundaceae	Mariprofundus
asv11513	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Planctomycetales uc	Planctomycetales uc
asv11514	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobulbia	Desulfobulbales	Desulfobulbaceae	Desulfobulbaceae uc
asv11515	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc
asv11516	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Pedosphaerales	Pedosphaeraceae	Pedosphaeraceae uc
asv11517	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv11518	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv11519	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
asv11520	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	Babeliaceae	Babeliaceae uc
asv11521	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv11522	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Rubritalea
asv11524	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv11525	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
asv11526	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales uc	Rickettsiales uc
asv11527	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
asv11528	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Winogradskyella
asv11529	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillaceae	Rhodospirillaceae uc
asv11530	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv11531	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caedibacterales	Caedibacteraceae	Cand_Nucleicultrix
asv11532	Bacteria	Armatimonadota	Fimbriimonadia	Fimbriimonadales	Fimbriimonadaceae	Fimbriimonadaceae uc
asv11533	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiales_Incertae_Sedis	Phreatobacter
asv11534	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv11535	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	SM2D12	SM2D12 uc
asv11536	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
asv11537	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Victivallales	Arctic95B-14	Arctic95B-14 uc
asv11538	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Chthoniobacterales	Chthoniobacteraceae	LD29
asv11539	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Cyanobacteriia	Cyanobacteriia uc	Cyanobacteriia uc	Cyanobacteriia uc
asv11540	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv11541	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	UBA12409	UBA12409 uc
asv11542	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cytophagales uc	Cytophagales uc
asv11543	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
asv11544	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Dasania
asv11545	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv11546	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv11547	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv11548	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv11549	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv11550	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv11551	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group uc	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group uc	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group uc
asv11552	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Portibacter
asv11553	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvibaculales	PS1	PS1 uc
asv11554	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv11555	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
asv11556	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_21	Subgroup_21 uc	Subgroup_21 uc	Subgroup_21 uc
asv11557	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv11558	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv11559	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
asv11560	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
asv11561	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
asv11564	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv11565	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
asv11566	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv11567	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv11568	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv11569	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv11570	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv11571	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
asv11572	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
asv11573	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus
asv11574	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thiomicrospiraceae	endosymbionts
asv11575	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Pseudorhodobacter
asv11576	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv11577	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Nitriliruptorales	Nitriliruptoraceae	Nitriliruptoraceae uc
asv11578	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Acidobacteriae	Subgroup_13	Subgroup_13 uc	Subgroup_13 uc
asv11579	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Luteolibacter
asv11580	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv11581	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
asv11582	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv11583	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Morganellaceae	Providencia
asv11584	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Comamonadaceae uc
asv11585	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv11586	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv11587	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv11588	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv11589	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Oleiphilaceae	Oleiphilus
asv11590	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Planctomycetales uc	Planctomycetales uc
asv11591	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv11592	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv11593	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriales uc	Flavobacteriales uc
asv11594	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Oscillospirales	Ruminococcaceae	Faecalibacterium
asv11595	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Luteolibacter
asv11596	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv11597	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv11598	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
asv11599	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Cerasicoccus
asv11600	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv11601	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv11603	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv11604	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv11605	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv11606	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
asv11607	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv11608	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	JTB23	JTB23 uc	JTB23 uc
asv11609	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv11610	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv11611	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv11612	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv11613	Bacteria	Patescibacteria	Gracilibacteria	JGI_0000069-P22	JGI_0000069-P22 uc	JGI_0000069-P22 uc
asv11614	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	CCM11a	CCM11a uc	CCM11a uc
asv11615	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv11616	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv11617	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Pelagicoccus
asv11618	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
asv11619	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv11620	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Allorhizobium-Neorhizobium-Pararhizobium-Rhizobium
asv11621	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Winogradskyella
asv11622	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv11624	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
asv11625	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
asv11626	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv11627	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv11628	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv11629	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv11630	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv11631	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv11632	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Lewinella
asv11633	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
asv11634	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv11635	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv11636	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfarculia	Desulfarculales	Desulfarculaceae	Dethiosulfatarculus
asv11637	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
asv11638	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
asv11639	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv11640	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
asv11641	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv11642	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv11643	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv11644	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
asv11645	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv11647	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv11648	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv11649	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sedimentitalea
asv11650	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv11651	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv11652	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv11653	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
asv11654	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv11655	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv11656	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Novosphingobium
asv11657	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv11658	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Novosphingobium
asv11659	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	BD7-11	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc
asv11660	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Neisseriaceae	Neisseria
asv11661	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv11662	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv11663	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv11664	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv11665	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Allofrancisella
asv11666	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv11667	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
asv11668	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Subgroup_9	Subgroup_9 uc	Subgroup_9 uc
asv11669	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Lewinella
asv11670	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
asv11671	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv11672	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
asv11674	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv11676	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Altererythrobacter
asv11677	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
asv11678	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv11679	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingorhabdus
asv11680	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Bradymonadales	Bradymonadales uc	Bradymonadales uc
asv11681	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
asv11682	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv11683	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv11684	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
asv11685	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv11686	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv11687	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv11688	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv11689	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
asv11691	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv11692	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
asv11693	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv11694	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Nannocystales	Nannocystaceae	Nannocystaceae uc
asv11695	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionales uc	Micavibrionales uc
asv11696	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Polyangiales	Eel-36e1D6	Eel-36e1D6 uc
asv11697	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv11698	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Nitrosococcaceae	FS142-36B-02
asv11699	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv11700	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Polyangiales	Eel-36e1D6	Eel-36e1D6 uc
asv11701	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionales uc	Micavibrionales uc
asv11702	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Marinicella
asv11704	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv11705	Bacteria	Hydrogenedentes	Hydrogenedentia	Hydrogenedentiales	Hydrogenedensaceae	Hydrogenedensaceae uc
asv11706	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionaceae	Micavibrionaceae uc
asv11707	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales_fa	Cand_Jidaibacter
asv11708	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Bythopirellula
asv11709	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacteraceae	Vicinamibacteraceae uc
asv11710	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv11711	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv11712	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv11713	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
asv11714	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionellaceae uc
asv11715	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	KD4-96	KD4-96 uc	KD4-96 uc	KD4-96 uc
asv11716	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv11717	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus
asv11718	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavirhabdus
asv11719	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Ruegeria
asv11720	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Rubritalea
asv11721	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
asv11722	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
asv11723	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv11725	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	AT-s2-59	AT-s2-59 uc	AT-s2-59 uc
asv11727	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
asv11729	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv11730	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Paracoccus
asv11731	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv11732	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc
asv11733	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Urania-1B-19_marine_sediment_group
asv11734	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
asv11735	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kordiimonadales	Kordiimonadales uc	Kordiimonadales uc
asv11736	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
asv11737	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv11738	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionales uc	Cellvibrionales uc
asv11739	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv11740	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
asv11741	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv11742	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Holophagae	Acanthopleuribacterales	Acanthopleuribacteraceae	Acanthopleuribacter
asv11743	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionaceae	Micavibrionaceae uc
asv11744	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv11745	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv11746	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	NS10
asv11747	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
asv11749	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv11751	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv11752	Bacteria	Dadabacteria	Dadabacteriia	Dadabacteriales	Dadabacteriales uc	Dadabacteriales uc
asv11753	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
asv11754	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv11755	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv11756	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Novosphingobium
asv11757	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv11758	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
asv11759	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv11760	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvibaculales	PS1	PS1 uc
asv11761	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Terasakiellaceae	Terasakiellaceae uc
asv11762	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla3_lineage	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc
asv11763	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv11764	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Subgroup_9	Subgroup_9 uc	Subgroup_9 uc
asv11765	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv11766	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv11767	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv11768	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv11769	Bacteria	Methylomirabilota	Methylomirabilia	Methylomirabilales	Methylomirabilaceae	wb1-A12
asv11770	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv11771	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
asv11772	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv11773	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv11774	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
asv11775	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv11776	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv11777	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv11778	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv11779	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
asv11780	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
asv11781	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv11782	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv11783	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Frankiales	Nakamurellaceae	Nakamurella
asv11784	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Thermoleophilia	Solirubrobacterales	67-14	67-14 uc
asv11785	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv11786	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
asv11787	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
asv11788	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv11789	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv11790	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Marinoscillum
asv11791	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv11792	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
asv11793	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
asv11794	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv11795	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv11796	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Holophagae	Subgroup_7	Subgroup_7 uc	Subgroup_7 uc
asv11797	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv11798	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv11799	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Rikenellaceae	Rikenella
asv11800	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv11801	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionales uc	Cellvibrionales uc
asv11802	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv11803	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv11804	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Isosphaerales	Isosphaeraceae	Tundrisphaera
asv11805	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv11806	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiales_Incertae_Sedis	Bauldia
asv11807	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Propionibacteriales	Nocardioidaceae	Nocardioides
asv11808	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	AT-s2-59	AT-s2-59 uc	AT-s2-59 uc
asv11809	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv11810	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Ochrobactrum
asv11811	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Plantibacter
asv11812	Bacteria	Deinococcota	Deinococci	Thermales	Thermaceae	Meiothermus
asv11813	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv11814	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
asv11815	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv11816	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv11818	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halioglobus
asv11819	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
asv11820	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Fokiniaceae	MD3-55
asv11821	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Micrococcaceae	Arthrobacter
asv11822	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
asv11823	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Alteromonas
asv11824	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Milano-WF1B-44	Milano-WF1B-44 uc	Milano-WF1B-44 uc
asv11825	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv11826	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv11827	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
asv11828	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
asv11829	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
asv11830	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacteria	Desulfobacterales	Desulfosarcinaceae	Sva0081_sediment_group
asv11831	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
asv11832	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv11833	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	AT-s2-59	AT-s2-59 uc	AT-s2-59 uc
asv11834	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesia
asv11835	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
asv11836	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Xanthobacteraceae	Bradyrhizobium
asv11837	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Planctomycetales uc	Planctomycetales uc
asv11838	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Motiliproteus
asv11839	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv11840	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Caldicoprobacterales	Caldicoprobacteraceae	Caldicoprobacter
asv11841	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
asv11842	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla4_lineage	Pla4_lineage uc	Pla4_lineage uc	Pla4_lineage uc
asv11843	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Piscirickettsiales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Cand_Endoecteinascidia
asv11844	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomicaceae uc
asv11845	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	BD7-11	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc
asv11846	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv11847	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiales_Incertae_Sedis	Bauldia
asv11848	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
asv11849	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc
asv11850	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv11851	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group uc	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group uc	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group uc
asv11852	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
asv11853	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv11854	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
asv11855	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv11856	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
asv11857	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla3_lineage	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc
asv11858	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
asv11859	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
asv11860	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv11861	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
asv11863	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv11864	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellula
asv11866	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Haliangiales	Haliangiaceae	Haliangium
asv11867	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv11868	Bacteria	Latescibacterota	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc
asv11869	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Hydrogenophilaceae	Thiobacillus
asv11870	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacteraceae	Vicinamibacteraceae uc
asv11871	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv11872	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Bythopirellula
asv11873	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Hyphomicrobiaceae	Hyphomicrobium
asv11874	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	P.palmC41	P.palmC41 uc	P.palmC41 uc
asv11875	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Salinirepens
asv11876	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	pItb-vmat-80	pItb-vmat-80 uc	pItb-vmat-80 uc
asv11877	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
asv11878	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv11879	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
asv11880	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sedimentitalea
asv11882	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv11883	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halioglobus
asv11884	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionellaceae uc
asv11885	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Granulosicoccales	Granulosicoccaceae	Granulosicoccus
asv11887	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv11888	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Ekhidna
asv11889	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria uc	Actinobacteria uc	Actinobacteria uc
asv11890	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv11891	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacteria	Desulfobacterales	Desulfobacteraceae	Desulfobacteraceae uc
asv11892	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv11893	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
asv11894	Bacteria	Dadabacteria	Dadabacteriia	Dadabacteriales	Dadabacteriales uc	Dadabacteriales uc
asv11895	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Rhodothermia	Rhodothermales	Rhodothermaceae	Rhodothermaceae uc
asv11896	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
asv11897	Bacteria	Campilobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Sulfurimonadaceae	Sulfurimonas
asv11898	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Frankiales	Frankiaceae	Jatrophihabitans
asv11899	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv11900	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiales_Incertae_Sedis	Bauldia
asv11901	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
asv11902	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Thermoflexales	Thermoflexaceae	Thermoflexus
asv11903	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv11904	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv11905	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv11906	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ectothiorhodospirales	Ectothiorhodospiraceae	Ectothiorhodospiraceae uc
asv11907	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Varunaivibrio
asv11908	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv11909	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv11910	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla4_lineage	Pla4_lineage uc	Pla4_lineage uc	Pla4_lineage uc
asv11911	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv11912	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaeria uc	Lentisphaeria uc	Lentisphaeria uc
asv11914	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv11916	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
asv11917	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Rubinisphaeraceae	Planctomicrobium
asv11918	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Algoriphagus
asv11919	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
asv11920	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv11921	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv11922	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Actinomarinales	Actinomarinales uc	Actinomarinales uc
asv11923	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv11924	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv11925	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
asv11926	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv11927	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Thiotrichaceae	Thiotrichaceae uc
asv11928	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
asv11929	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
asv11930	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Granulosicoccales	Granulosicoccaceae	Granulosicoccus
asv11931	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	AKYG587
asv11932	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
asv11933	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	SCGC_AAA011-D5	SCGC_AAA011-D5 uc
asv11934	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
asv11935	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Cohaesibacter
asv11936	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv11937	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv11938	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	vadinHA49	vadinHA49 uc	vadinHA49 uc	vadinHA49 uc
asv11939	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
asv11940	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv11941	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv11942	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvibaculales	Parvibaculaceae	Mf105b01
asv11943	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Allorhizobium-Neorhizobium-Pararhizobium-Rhizobium
asv11945	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
asv11946	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Omnitrophia	Omnitrophales	Omnitrophaceae	Cand_Omnitrophus
asv11947	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv11948	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Rhodothermia	Rhodothermales	Rhodothermaceae	Rhodothermaceae uc
asv11949	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Puniceicoccaceae uc
asv11950	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv11951	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv11952	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
asv11953	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
asv11954	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv11955	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Marinilabiliaceae	Labilibacter
asv11956	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
asv11957	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvibaculales	PS1	PS1 uc
asv11958	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	P0X4b2H11	P0X4b2H11 uc	P0X4b2H11 uc
asv11959	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Flammeovirgaceae	Sediminitomix
asv11960	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kordiimonadales	Kordiimonadaceae	Kordiimonas
asv11961	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_5	Subgroup_5 uc	Subgroup_5 uc	Subgroup_5 uc
asv11962	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv11964	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv11966	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Pseudorhodobacter
asv11967	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Lentibacter
asv11968	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv11969	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv11970	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv11971	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Fokiniaceae	MD3-55
asv11972	Bacteria	Sva0485	Sva0485 uc	Sva0485 uc	Sva0485 uc	Sva0485 uc
asv11973	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv11974	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
asv11975	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
asv11977	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
asv11978	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
asv11979	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Formosa
asv11980	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv11981	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv11982	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Bernardetiaceae	Garritya
asv11983	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv11984	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv11985	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
asv11986	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Methylophagaceae	Methylophagaceae uc
asv11987	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ga0077536	Ga0077536 uc	Ga0077536 uc
asv11988	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
asv11989	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv11990	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv11991	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
asv11992	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Planococcaceae	Psychrobacillus
asv11993	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Anaerolineales	Anaerolineaceae	Anaerolineaceae uc
asv11994	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv11995	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Pseudonocardiales	Pseudonocardiaceae	Pseudonocardia
asv11996	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pasteurellales	Pasteurellaceae	Actinobacillus
asv11997	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv11998	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv11999	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv12000	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
asv12001	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv12002	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus
asv12003	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Alcanivoracaceae1	Alcanivorax
asv12005	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
asv12006	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv12007	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prolixibacteraceae	Draconibacterium
asv12008	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv12009	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	JG30-KF-CM66	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc
asv12010	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv12011	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Blfdi19	Blfdi19 uc	Blfdi19 uc
asv12012	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv12013	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
asv12014	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
asv12015	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv12017	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Opitutaceae	Opitutus
asv12018	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
asv12019	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
asv12020	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Holosporales	Holosporaceae	Holosporaceae uc
asv12022	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
asv12023	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
asv12024	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Actibacterium
asv12025	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
asv12026	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv12027	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriales uc	Flavobacteriales uc
asv12028	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionaceae	Micavibrionaceae uc
asv12029	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
asv12030	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv12031	Bacteria	Hydrogenedentes	Hydrogenedentia	Hydrogenedentiales	Hydrogenedensaceae	Hydrogenedensaceae uc
asv12032	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv12034	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Aliiglaciecola
asv12035	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Thalassobius
asv12036	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Varunaivibrio
asv12037	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv12038	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	C1-B045
asv12039	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
asv12040	Bacteria	Hydrogenedentes	Hydrogenedentia	Hydrogenedentiales	Hydrogenedensaceae	Hydrogenedensaceae uc
asv12041	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
asv12042	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	BD7-11	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc
asv12043	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv12044	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv12045	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halioglobus
asv12046	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv12047	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Oxalobacteraceae	Oxalobacteraceae uc
asv12048	Bacteria	Latescibacterota	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc
asv12049	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv12050	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv12051	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
asv12052	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	SM1A02
asv12053	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv12054	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
asv12055	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
asv12056	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
asv12057	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
asv12058	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv12059	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv12060	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lutibacter
asv12061	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Thalassobaculales	Nisaeaceae	OM75
asv12062	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv12063	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv12064	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv12065	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	4572-13	4572-13 uc
asv12066	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
asv12067	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Thiotrichaceae	Thiotrichaceae uc
asv12070	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
asv12071	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Micrococcaceae	Glutamicibacter
asv12072	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv12073	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
asv12074	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Omnitrophia	Omnitrophales	Omnitrophaceae	Cand_Omnitrophus
asv12075	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv12076	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv12077	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
asv12078	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv12079	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halioglobus
asv12080	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Subgroup_17	Subgroup_17 uc	Subgroup_17 uc
asv12081	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv12082	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv12083	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionales uc	Cellvibrionales uc
asv12084	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
asv12085	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv12086	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
asv12087	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Spongiimicrobium
asv12088	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Luteolibacter
asv12089	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Aureispira
asv12090	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Vampirivibrionia	Obscuribacterales	Obscuribacteraceae	Obscuribacteraceae uc
asv12091	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
asv12092	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
asv12093	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv12094	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv12095	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv12096	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Chloroflexi uc	Chloroflexi uc	Chloroflexi uc	Chloroflexi uc
asv12097	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
asv12098	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionales uc	Cellvibrionales uc
asv12099	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv12100	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Tannerellaceae	Tannerella
asv12101	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella
asv12102	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS4
asv12103	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	OM60(NOR5)
asv12104	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv12105	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Nocardiaceae	Rhodococcus
asv12106	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv12107	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv12108	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Oceaniovalibus
asv12109	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla4_lineage	Pla4_lineage uc	Pla4_lineage uc	Pla4_lineage uc
asv12110	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Victivallales	Arctic95B-14	Arctic95B-14 uc
asv12111	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv12112	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Fokiniaceae	MD3-55
asv12113	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Kangiellaceae	Aliikangiella
asv12114	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobulbia	Desulfobulbales	Desulfobulbaceae	Desulfobulbus
asv12115	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Cand_Cryptoprodotis
asv12116	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv12117	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichales uc	Microtrichales uc
asv12118	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
asv12119	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Anaerolineales	Anaerolineaceae	Anaerolineaceae uc
asv12120	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv12121	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Nitrosomonadaceae	Nitrosomonas
asv12122	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Polyangiales	Eel-36e1D6	Eel-36e1D6 uc
asv12123	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv12124	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv12125	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales uc	Rickettsiales uc
asv12126	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
asv12127	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
asv12128	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	F9P41300-M23	F9P41300-M23 uc	F9P41300-M23 uc
asv12129	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv12130	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
asv12131	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv12132	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv12133	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaerales	Lentisphaeraceae	Lentisphaera
asv12134	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Sutterellaceae	Sutterellaceae uc
asv12135	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv12136	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv12137	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellula
asv12138	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv12139	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv12140	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv12141	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Planctomycetales uc	Planctomycetales uc
asv12142	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv12143	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv12144	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv12145	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc
asv12146	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Verruc-01
asv12147	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv12148	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Chlamydiae	Chlamydiales	Simkaniaceae	Simkaniaceae uc
asv12149	Bacteria	Patescibacteria	ABY1	Cand_Kerfeldbacteria	Cand_Kerfeldbacteria uc	Cand_Kerfeldbacteria uc
asv12150	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Thalassospiraceae	Thalassospira
asv12151	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Urania-1B-19_marine_sediment_group
asv12152	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Pedosphaerales	Pedosphaeraceae	SCGC_AAA164-E04
asv12153	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv12154	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv12155	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv12156	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	Woesearchaeales uc	Woesearchaeales uc
asv12157	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Actibacter
asv12158	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobulbia	Desulfobulbales	Desulfocapsaceae	Desulfocapsaceae uc
asv12159	Bacteria	Hydrogenedentes	Hydrogenedentia	Hydrogenedentiales	Hydrogenedensaceae	Hydrogenedensaceae uc
asv12160	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_23
asv12161	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Actinomarinales	Actinomarinales uc	Actinomarinales uc
asv12162	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv12163	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv12164	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
asv12165	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	Woesearchaeales uc	Woesearchaeales uc
asv12166	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
asv12167	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Planctomycetales uc	Planctomycetales uc
asv12168	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv12169	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Actinomarinales	Actinomarinales uc	Actinomarinales uc
asv12170	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Nitrosococcaceae	Cm1-21
asv12171	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv12173	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Granulosicoccales	Granulosicoccaceae	Granulosicoccus
asv12174	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
asv12175	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv12176	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv12177	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
asv12178	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv12179	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Weeksellaceae	Bergeyella
asv12180	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Altererythrobacter
asv12181	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Marinicella
asv12182	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cytophagales uc	Cytophagales uc
asv12183	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
asv12184	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	AB1	AB1 uc
asv12185	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Planktomarina
asv12186	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv12187	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Persicirhabdus
asv12188	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv12189	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv12190	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Thermoleophilia	Solirubrobacterales	67-14	67-14 uc
asv12191	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobulbia	Desulfobulbales	Desulfobulbaceae	Desulfobulbaceae uc
asv12192	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
asv12193	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	Kiritimatiellales	Kiritimatiellaceae	R76-B128
asv12194	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv12195	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv12196	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Omnitrophia	Omnitrophales	koll11	koll11 uc
asv12197	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halioglobus
asv12198	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
asv12199	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	CL500-3
asv12200	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Rhodothermia	Rhodothermales	Rhodothermaceae	Rhodothermaceae uc
asv12201	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Allorhizobium-Neorhizobium-Pararhizobium-Rhizobium
asv12202	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halioglobus
asv12203	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	JG30-KF-CM66	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc
asv12204	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
asv12205	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv12206	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv12207	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv12208	Bacteria	Dadabacteria	Dadabacteriia	Dadabacteriales	Dadabacteriales uc	Dadabacteriales uc
asv12209	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
asv12210	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
asv12211	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
asv12212	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv12213	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv12214	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc
asv12215	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Urania-1B-19_marine_sediment_group
asv12216	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
asv12217	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
asv12218	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv12219	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Blfdi19	Blfdi19 uc	Blfdi19 uc
asv12220	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Rubinisphaeraceae	Rubinisphaeraceae uc
asv12221	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
asv12222	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc
asv12223	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	SG8-4	SG8-4 uc
asv12224	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionales uc	Micavibrionales uc
asv12225	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Granulosicoccales	Granulosicoccaceae	Granulosicoccus
asv12226	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv12227	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	AB1	AB1 uc
asv12228	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv12229	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
asv12231	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv12232	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Diplorickettsiales	Diplorickettsiaceae	Rickettsiella
asv12233	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
asv12234	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Bacteriovoracaceae uc
asv12235	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
asv12236	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
asv12237	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv12238	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
asv12239	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Cand_Megaira
asv12240	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesia
asv12241	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv12242	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv12243	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv12244	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionaceae	Cellvibrionaceae uc
asv12245	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ectothiorhodospirales	Ectothiorhodospiraceae	Ectothiorhodospiraceae uc
asv12246	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Acetobacterales	Acetobacteraceae	Acidiphilium
asv12247	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionaceae	Cellvibrionaceae uc
asv12248	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	SCGC_AAA011-D5	SCGC_AAA011-D5 uc
asv12249	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Oscillospirales	Oscillospiraceae	UCG-005
asv12250	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Erysipelotrichales	Erysipelotrichaceae	Erysipelotrichaceae uc
asv12252	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv12253	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Oscillospirales	Ruminococcaceae	Faecalibacterium
asv12254	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
asv12255	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv12256	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv12257	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
asv12258	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv12259	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Mycobacteriaceae	Mycobacterium
asv12260	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kiloniellales	Kiloniellaceae	Kiloniellaceae uc
asv12261	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv12262	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv12263	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	AKYG587
asv12264	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv12265	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobulbia	Desulfobulbales	Desulfocapsaceae	Desulfocapsaceae uc
asv12266	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
asv12267	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Staphylococcales	Gemellaceae	Gemella
asv12268	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerae uc	Phycisphaerae uc	Phycisphaerae uc
asv12269	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	BD7-11	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc
asv12270	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
asv12271	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv12272	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv12273	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvibaculales	PS1	PS1 uc
asv12274	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv12275	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc
asv12276	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
asv12277	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Paracoccus
asv12278	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Erwiniaceae	Pantoea
asv12279	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv12280	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
asv12281	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv12282	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv12283	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv12284	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv12285	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv12286	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
asv12287	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv12288	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Pedosphaerales	Pedosphaeraceae	Pedosphaeraceae uc
asv12290	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv12291	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Allofrancisella
asv12292	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv12293	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv12295	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv12296	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv12297	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv12298	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv12300	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Aestuariibacter
asv12301	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	Sphingobacteriales uc	Sphingobacteriales uc
asv12302	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	Kiritimatiellales	Kiritimatiellaceae	R76-B128
asv12303	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium
asv12304	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv12305	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv12306	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	NS11-12	NS11-12 uc
asv12307	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
asv12308	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Blfdi19	Blfdi19 uc	Blfdi19 uc
asv12310	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv12311	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus
asv12312	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiohalorhabdales	Thiohalorhabdaceae	Thiohalorhabdaceae uc
asv12313	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv12314	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Ekhidna
asv12315	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv12316	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv12317	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
asv12318	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacteraceae	Vicinamibacteraceae uc
asv12319	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv12320	Bacteria	Myxococcota	bacteriap25	bacteriap25 uc	bacteriap25 uc	bacteriap25 uc
asv12321	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv12322	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Ekhidna
asv12324	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv12325	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
asv12326	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv12327	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
asv12328	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	AT-s3-28	AT-s3-28 uc	AT-s3-28 uc	AT-s3-28 uc
asv12329	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv12330	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv12331	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv12332	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv12333	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
asv12334	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Planctomycetales uc	Planctomycetales uc
asv12335	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	BD7-11	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc
asv12336	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	JTB23	JTB23 uc	JTB23 uc
asv12337	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
asv12338	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Algibacter
asv12339	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus
asv12340	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv12341	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Polymorphobacter
asv12342	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv12343	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
asv12344	Bacteria	Zixibacteria	Zixibacteria uc	Zixibacteria uc	Zixibacteria uc	Zixibacteria uc
asv12345	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv12346	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv12347	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
asv12348	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv12349	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv12350	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Cyanobacteriia	Cyanobacteriia uc	Cyanobacteriia uc	Cyanobacteriia uc
asv12352	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Tenacibaculum
asv12353	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Formosa
asv12355	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter
asv12356	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
asv12358	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv12359	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
asv12360	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
asv12361	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Ascidiaceihabitans
asv12362	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv12363	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv12364	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv12365	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv12366	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv12367	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	NS11-12	NS11-12 uc
asv12368	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
asv12369	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv12370	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv12371	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv12372	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv12373	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
asv12374	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv12375	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Reyranellales	Reyranellaceae	Reyranella
asv12376	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv12377	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv12378	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv12379	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
asv12380	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
asv12381	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacteria	Desulfobacterales	Desulfosarcinaceae	SEEP-SRB1
asv12382	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv12383	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	Kiritimatiellales	Kiritimatiellaceae	MSBL3
asv12384	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv12385	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerae uc	Phycisphaerae uc	Phycisphaerae uc
asv12386	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Mycoplasmatales	Mycoplasmataceae	Mycoplasma
asv12387	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv12388	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	Babeliales uc	Babeliales uc
asv12389	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Bacteriovoracaceae uc
asv12390	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Tenderiales	Tenderiaceae	Cand_Tenderia
asv12392	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
asv12393	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Brumimicrobium
asv12394	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
asv12395	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lutibacter
asv12397	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv12398	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv12401	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
asv12402	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv12403	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Salinisphaerales	Solimonadaceae	Nevskia
asv12404	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc
asv12405	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Thalassotalea
asv12406	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Formosa
asv12407	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionaceae	Micavibrionaceae uc
asv12408	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv12409	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv12410	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Psychroserpens
asv12411	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv12412	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv12413	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
asv12415	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv12416	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv12417	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	Woesearchaeales uc	Woesearchaeales uc
asv12418	Bacteria	Nitrospirota	Nitrospiria	Nitrospirales	Nitrospiraceae	Nitrospira
asv12419	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Bradymonadales	Bradymonadales uc	Bradymonadales uc
asv12420	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv12421	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
asv12422	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv12423	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Tenacibaculum
asv12424	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
asv12425	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionellaceae uc
asv12427	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maritimimonas
asv12428	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc
asv12429	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv12430	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Oleiphilaceae	Oleiphilus
asv12431	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv12432	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionaceae	Micavibrionaceae uc
asv12433	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Nannocystales	Nannocystaceae	Nannocystis
asv12434	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter
asv12435	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv12436	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla3_lineage	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc
asv12437	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
asv12438	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
asv12440	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv12441	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
asv12442	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv12443	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobulbia	Desulfobulbales	Desulfobulbaceae	Desulfobulbus
asv12444	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	NS11-12	NS11-12 uc
asv12446	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	OM60(NOR5)
asv12447	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv12448	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Mesorhizobium
asv12449	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv12450	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv12451	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
asv12452	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv12453	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv12454	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv12455	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv12457	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc
asv12458	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_26	Subgroup_26 uc	Subgroup_26 uc	Subgroup_26 uc
asv12459	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv12460	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kiloniellales	Kiloniellaceae	Kiloniella
asv12461	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Rubinisphaeraceae	Rubinisphaeraceae uc
asv12462	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	SM1A02
asv12463	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	BD7-11	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc
asv12464	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Subgroup_17	Subgroup_17 uc	Subgroup_17 uc
asv12465	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv12466	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv12467	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv12468	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv12469	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kiloniellales	Kiloniellaceae	Pelagibius
asv12470	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Ardenticatenales	Ardenticatenales uc	Ardenticatenales uc
asv12471	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
asv12472	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	SG8-4	SG8-4 uc
asv12473	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kiloniellales	Kiloniellaceae	Kiloniellaceae uc
asv12474	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
asv12475	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Ilumatobacteraceae	Ilumatobacter
asv12476	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv12477	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Fulvivirga
asv12478	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv12479	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Hyphomicrobiaceae	Hyphomicrobium
asv12480	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv12481	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
asv12482	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv12483	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	NAC11-7
asv12484	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
asv12485	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
asv12487	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella
asv12488	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Rhodanobacteraceae	Rhodanobacter
asv12489	Bacteria	FCPU426	FCPU426 uc	FCPU426 uc	FCPU426 uc	FCPU426 uc
asv12490	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
asv12491	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter
asv12492	Bacteria	AncK6	AncK6 uc	AncK6 uc	AncK6 uc	AncK6 uc
asv12493	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv12494	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv12495	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
asv12496	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv12497	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Omnitrophia	Omnitrophales	Omnitrophaceae	Cand_Omnitrophus
asv12498	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
asv12499	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Chlamydiae	Chlamydiales	Chlamydiales uc	Chlamydiales uc
asv12500	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
asv12501	Bacteria	Patescibacteria	ABY1	ABY1 uc	ABY1 uc	ABY1 uc
asv12502	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv12503	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
asv12504	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kiloniellales	Kiloniellaceae	Pelagibius
asv12505	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaeria uc	Lentisphaeria uc	Lentisphaeria uc
asv12506	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Nannocystales	Nannocystaceae	Nannocystis
asv12507	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
asv12508	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv12509	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Propionibacteriales	Nocardioidaceae	Nocardioides
asv12511	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv12512	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidetes_VC2.1_Bac22	Bacteroidetes_VC2.1_Bac22 uc	Bacteroidetes_VC2.1_Bac22 uc
asv12513	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv12514	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
asv12515	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv12516	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
asv12517	Bacteria	Elusimicrobiota	Lineage_IIc	Lineage_IIc uc	Lineage_IIc uc	Lineage_IIc uc
asv12518	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
asv12519	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	SCGC_AAA011-D5	SCGC_AAA011-D5 uc
asv12520	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv12521	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv12522	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	Woesearchaeales uc	Woesearchaeales uc
asv12523	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
asv12524	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Veillonellales-Selenomonadales	Sporomusaceae	Anaerospora
asv12525	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Cnuella
asv12526	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv12527	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv12528	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Roseibacillus
asv12529	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Spirosomaceae	Dyadobacter
asv12530	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrososphaerales	Nitrososphaeraceae	Cand_Nitrocosmicus
asv12531	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv12532	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
asv12533	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Acetobacterales	Acetobacteraceae	Rubritepida
asv12534	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv12535	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
asv12536	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv12537	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	Bdellovibrio
asv12538	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidia uc	Dehalococcoidia uc	Dehalococcoidia uc
asv12539	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
asv12540	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
asv12541	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv12542	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacteria	Desulfobacterales	Desulfolunaceae	Desulfofrigus
asv12543	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv12544	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
asv12545	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Actinomarinales	Actinomarinales uc	Actinomarinales uc
asv12546	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
asv12547	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Nannocystales	Nannocystaceae	Nannocystaceae uc
asv12548	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
asv12549	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv12550	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
asv12551	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Alcaligenaceae	Castellaniella
asv12552	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Comamonadaceae uc
asv12553	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Cyanobacteriia	Cyanobacteriia uc	Cyanobacteriia uc	Cyanobacteriia uc
asv12554	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv12555	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Fangia
asv12556	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	SG8-4	SG8-4 uc
asv12557	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
asv12558	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
asv12559	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
asv12560	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
asv12561	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pasteurellales	Pasteurellaceae	Pasteurellaceae uc
asv12562	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	S25-593	S25-593 uc
asv12563	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ectothiorhodospirales	Ectothiorhodospirales uc	Ectothiorhodospirales uc
asv12564	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Beutenbergiaceae	Beutenbergiaceae uc
asv12565	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_5	Subgroup_5 uc	Subgroup_5 uc	Subgroup_5 uc
asv12566	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv12567	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv12568	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Propionibacteriales	Nocardioidaceae	Nocardioides
asv12569	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Lentibacter
asv12570	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
asv12571	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv12572	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
asv12573	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
asv12575	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv12576	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	AB1	AB1 uc
asv12578	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv12579	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidetes_VC2.1_Bac22	Bacteroidetes_VC2.1_Bac22 uc	Bacteroidetes_VC2.1_Bac22 uc
asv12580	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv12581	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv12582	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv12583	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Bathyarchaeia	Bathyarchaeia uc	Bathyarchaeia uc	Bathyarchaeia uc
asv12584	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Nitrosococcaceae	AqS1
asv12585	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	SCGC_AAA011-D5	SCGC_AAA011-D5 uc
asv12586	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Ardenticatenales	Ardenticatenales uc	Ardenticatenales uc
asv12587	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwelliaceae uc
asv12588	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv12589	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Subgroup_17	Subgroup_17 uc	Subgroup_17 uc
asv12590	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv12591	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv12592	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Bradymonadales	Bradymonadales uc	Bradymonadales uc
asv12593	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Omnitrophia	Omnitrophales	Omnitrophaceae	Cand_Omnitrophus
asv12594	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
asv12595	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv12596	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	MBMPE27	MBMPE27 uc	MBMPE27 uc
asv12597	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv12598	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv12599	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
asv12600	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv12601	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
asv12602	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Spirosomaceae	Spirosoma
asv12603	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Rubinisphaeraceae	Planctomicrobium
asv12604	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv12605	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
asv12606	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv12607	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
asv12608	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv12609	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv12610	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Urania-1B-19_marine_sediment_group
asv12611	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group uc	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group uc	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group uc
asv12612	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv12613	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	SG8-4	SG8-4 uc
asv12614	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv12615	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv12616	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Woodsholea
asv12617	Bacteria	Hydrogenedentes	Hydrogenedentia	Hydrogenedentiales	Hydrogenedensaceae	Hydrogenedensaceae uc
asv12618	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv12619	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv12620	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Planctomycetales uc	Planctomycetales uc
asv12621	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv12622	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Formosa
asv12623	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Sediminibacter
asv12624	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv12625	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv12626	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Neptunomonas
asv12627	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SS1-B-07-19	SS1-B-07-19 uc	SS1-B-07-19 uc
asv12628	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv12629	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvibaculales	PS1	PS1 uc
asv12630	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv12631	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	Babeliales uc	Babeliales uc
asv12632	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv12633	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv12635	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv12636	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
asv12638	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	CHAB-XI-27	CHAB-XI-27 uc	CHAB-XI-27 uc
asv12639	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
asv12640	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	NAC11-7
asv12641	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv12642	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv12643	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
asv12644	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv12645	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales	Peptostreptococcaceae	Peptoclostridium
asv12646	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
asv12647	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
asv12648	Bacteria	Hydrogenedentes	Hydrogenedentia	Hydrogenedentiales	Hydrogenedensaceae	Hydrogenedensaceae uc
asv12649	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv12650	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Ulvibacter
asv12651	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv12652	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaeria uc	Lentisphaeria uc	Lentisphaeria uc
asv12653	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Psychromonadaceae	Psychromonas
asv12654	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
asv12655	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	NS11-12	NS11-12 uc
asv12656	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ga0077536	Ga0077536 uc	Ga0077536 uc
asv12657	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobulbia	Desulfobulbales	Desulfobulbales uc	Desulfobulbales uc
asv12658	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ga0077536	Ga0077536 uc	Ga0077536 uc
asv12659	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla3_lineage	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc
asv12660	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rubripirellula
asv12661	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv12662	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aquibacter
asv12663	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv12664	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaerales	Lentisphaeraceae	Lentisphaera
asv12666	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Paracaedibacterales	Paracaedibacteraceae	Paracaedibacteraceae uc
asv12667	Bacteria	Patescibacteria	ABY1	Cand_Kerfeldbacteria	Cand_Kerfeldbacteria uc	Cand_Kerfeldbacteria uc
asv12668	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv12669	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv12670	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv12671	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Marinifilaceae	Marinifilum
asv12672	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv12673	Bacteria	Zixibacteria	Zixibacteria uc	Zixibacteria uc	Zixibacteria uc	Zixibacteria uc
asv12674	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv12675	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv12676	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
asv12677	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
asv12678	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
asv12679	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv12680	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv12682	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
asv12683	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Holosporales	Holosporaceae	Cand_Paraholospora
asv12684	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Algibacter
asv12685	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
asv12686	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aquibacter
asv12687	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Rhodanobacteraceae	Rhodanobacteraceae uc
asv12688	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
asv12689	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv12690	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Ekhidna
asv12691	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv12692	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Microbacterium
asv12693	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Altererythrobacter
asv12694	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales	Peptostreptococcaceae	Romboutsia
asv12695	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Xanthobacteraceae	Rhodopseudomonas
asv12696	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv12698	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv12699	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	SM23-30	SM23-30 uc
asv12700	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv12701	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus
asv12702	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv12703	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales uc	Rickettsiales uc
asv12704	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv12705	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv12706	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv12707	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
asv12708	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium
asv12709	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv12710	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	SBR1031	SBR1031 uc	SBR1031 uc
asv12711	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv12712	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv12713	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
asv12714	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv12715	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	SM2D12	SM2D12 uc
asv12716	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv12717	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EV818SWSAP88	EV818SWSAP88 uc	EV818SWSAP88 uc
asv12718	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales_fa	Finegoldia
asv12719	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Subsaxibacter
asv12720	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Rubinisphaeraceae	Planctomicrobium
asv12721	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv12722	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv12723	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Dasania
asv12724	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales_fa	Ezakiella
asv12725	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Tepidisphaerales	WD2101_soil_group	WD2101_soil_group uc
asv12726	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Nitrosomonadaceae	MND1
asv12727	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Thalassobaculales	Nisaeaceae	OM75
asv12728	Bacteria	Myxococcota	bacteriap25	bacteriap25 uc	bacteriap25 uc	bacteriap25 uc
asv12729	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Actinomarinales	Actinomarinales uc	Actinomarinales uc
asv12730	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Bradymonadales	Bradymonadales uc	Bradymonadales uc
asv12731	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv12732	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv12733	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	Woesearchaeales uc	Woesearchaeales uc
asv12734	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
asv12735	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionaceae	Micavibrionaceae uc
asv12736	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv12737	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Acidobacteriae	Subgroup_13	Subgroup_13 uc	Subgroup_13 uc
asv12738	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Luteolibacter
asv12739	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	SM1A02
asv12740	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv12741	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv12742	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
asv12743	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv12744	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv12745	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv12746	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
asv12747	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv12748	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionellaceae uc
asv12749	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv12751	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv12752	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rubellimicrobium
asv12753	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Yoonia-Loktanella
asv12754	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
asv12755	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Amphritea
asv12756	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pasteurellales	Pasteurellaceae	Actinobacillus
asv12757	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv12758	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv12759	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Omnitrophia	Omnitrophales	koll11	koll11 uc
asv12760	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobulbia	Desulfobulbales	Desulfocapsaceae	Desulfocapsaceae uc
asv12761	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Portibacter
asv12762	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
asv12763	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Planococcaceae	Lysinibacillus
asv12764	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacteria	Desulfobacterales	Desulfosarcinaceae	Sva0081_sediment_group
asv12766	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halioglobus
asv12767	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Cellulomonadaceae	Cellulomonas
asv12768	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	AB1	AB1 uc
asv12769	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
asv12770	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv12771	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv12772	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_26	Subgroup_26 uc	Subgroup_26 uc	Subgroup_26 uc
asv12773	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv12774	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv12775	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Fokiniaceae	MD3-55
asv12776	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Marinifilaceae	Marinifilum
asv12777	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Corynebacteriales uc	Corynebacteriales uc
asv12778	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv12779	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
asv12780	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv12781	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv12782	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv12783	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Ulvibacter
asv12784	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv12785	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv12786	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv12787	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv12789	Bacteria	Patescibacteria	ABY1	Cand_Magasanikbacteria	Cand_Magasanikbacteria uc	Cand_Magasanikbacteria uc
asv12790	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales uc	Rickettsiales uc
asv12791	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv12792	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
asv12793	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv12794	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv12795	Bacteria	Dadabacteria	Dadabacteriia	Dadabacteriales	Dadabacteriales uc	Dadabacteriales uc
asv12796	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Arcticiflavibacter
asv12797	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv12798	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
asv12799	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv12800	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv12801	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Octadecabacter
asv12802	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Amylibacter
asv12803	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv12804	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv12805	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv12806	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales uc	Rickettsiales uc
asv12807	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
asv12808	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv12809	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv12810	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv12811	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	053A03-B-DI-P58	053A03-B-DI-P58 uc	053A03-B-DI-P58 uc
asv12812	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
asv12813	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kordiimonadales	Temperatibacteraceae	Temperatibacter
asv12814	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Ardenticatenales	Ardenticatenales uc	Ardenticatenales uc
asv12815	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
asv12816	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv12817	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv12818	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv12819	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv12820	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
asv12821	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Rubinisphaeraceae	Fuerstia
asv12822	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
asv12823	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	Sphingobacteriaceae	Mucilaginibacter
asv12824	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Marinicella
asv12825	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
asv12826	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv12827	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thiomicrospiraceae	endosymbionts
asv12828	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
asv12829	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	Babeliales uc	Babeliales uc
asv12830	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv12831	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
asv12832	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv12834	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriales uc	Flavobacteriales uc
asv12835	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
asv12836	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
asv12838	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Mycoplasmatales	Mycoplasmataceae	Mycoplasma
asv12839	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomicaceae uc
asv12840	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Puniceicoccaceae uc
asv12841	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
asv12842	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv12844	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv12845	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisella
asv12846	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv12847	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Pelagicoccus
asv12848	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv12849	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_21	Subgroup_21 uc	Subgroup_21 uc	Subgroup_21 uc
asv12850	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv12851	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv12852	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
asv12853	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv12854	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv12855	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
asv12856	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvibaculales	PS1	PS1 uc
asv12857	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionales uc	Micavibrionales uc
asv12858	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
asv12859	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv12860	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
asv12861	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv12862	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group uc	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group uc	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group uc
asv12863	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
asv12864	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv12865	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
asv12866	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
asv12867	Bacteria	Hydrogenedentes	Hydrogenedentia	Hydrogenedentiales	Hydrogenedensaceae	YC-ZSS-LKJ63
asv12868	Bacteria	Latescibacterota	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc
asv12869	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Moraxella
asv12870	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Polyangia uc	Polyangia uc	Polyangia uc
asv12871	Bacteria	Hydrogenedentes	Hydrogenedentia	Hydrogenedentiales	Hydrogenedensaceae	Hydrogenedensaceae uc
asv12872	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Urania-1B-19_marine_sediment_group
asv12873	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
asv12874	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
asv12875	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Cognatiyoonia
asv12876	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Brevibacteriaceae	Brevibacterium
asv12877	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Heliimonas
asv12879	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv12880	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
asv12881	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Acetobacterales	Acetobacteraceae	Acidiphilium
asv12882	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv12883	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacteria	Desulfobacterales	Desulfobacterales uc	Desulfobacterales uc
asv12884	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv12885	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Spirosomaceae	Taeseokella
asv12886	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv12887	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Ilumatobacteraceae	CL500-29
asv12888	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv12889	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv12891	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
asv12892	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv12893	Bacteria	Patescibacteria	Gracilibacteria	JGI_0000069-P22	JGI_0000069-P22 uc	JGI_0000069-P22 uc
asv12894	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv12895	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Beijerinckiaceae	1174-901-12
asv12896	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	Woesearchaeales uc	Woesearchaeales uc
asv12897	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv12898	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Bathyarchaeia	Bathyarchaeia uc	Bathyarchaeia uc	Bathyarchaeia uc
asv12899	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kiloniellales	Kiloniellaceae	Kiloniellaceae uc
asv12900	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	028H05-P-BN-P5	028H05-P-BN-P5 uc	028H05-P-BN-P5 uc	028H05-P-BN-P5 uc
asv12901	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Subgroup_9	Subgroup_9 uc	Subgroup_9 uc
asv12902	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
asv12903	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv12904	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lutibacter
asv12905	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
asv12906	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group uc	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group uc	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group uc
asv12907	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
asv12908	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	SG8-4	SG8-4 uc
asv12909	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Urania-1B-19_marine_sediment_group
asv12910	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv12911	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Granulosicoccales	Granulosicoccales uc	Granulosicoccales uc
asv12912	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Urania-1B-19_marine_sediment_group
asv12913	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	SCGC_AAA011-D5	SCGC_AAA011-D5 uc
asv12914	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv12915	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
asv12916	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv12917	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv12918	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	FS140-16B-02
asv12919	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	CHAB-XI-27	CHAB-XI-27 uc	CHAB-XI-27 uc
asv12920	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv12921	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Haliangiales	Haliangiaceae	Haliangium
asv12922	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Cand_Megaira
asv12924	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Dermabacteraceae	Dermabacter
asv12925	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Ilumatobacteraceae	Ilumatobacteraceae uc
asv12926	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	Vermiphilaceae	Vermiphilaceae uc
asv12927	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Altererythrobacter
asv12929	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Arenicellales	Arenicellaceae	Perspicuibacter
asv12930	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Polyangiales	Eel-36e1D6	Eel-36e1D6 uc
asv12931	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv12932	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv12933	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales uc	Rickettsiales uc
asv12934	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv12935	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pasteurellales	Pasteurellaceae	Pasteurellaceae uc
asv12936	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
asv12938	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv12939	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	P13-46	P13-46 uc
asv12940	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pasteurellales	Pasteurellaceae	Haemophilus
asv12941	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_5	Subgroup_5 uc	Subgroup_5 uc	Subgroup_5 uc
asv12942	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
asv12943	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	Woesearchaeales uc	Woesearchaeales uc
asv12944	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv12945	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
asv12946	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Psychroserpens
asv12947	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillaceae	Rhodospirillaceae uc
asv12948	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv12949	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv12951	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv12952	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv12953	Bacteria	Patescibacteria	Gracilibacteria	Cand_Peregrinibacteria	Cand_Peregrinibacteria uc	Cand_Peregrinibacteria uc
asv12954	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv12955	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
asv12956	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavicella
asv12957	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv12958	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Polyangiales	BIrii41	BIrii41 uc
asv12959	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Omnitrophia	Omnitrophales	Omnitrophaceae	Cand_Omnitrophus
asv12960	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	Kiritimatiellales	Kiritimatiellaceae	R76-B128
asv12961	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Haliangiales	Haliangiaceae	Haliangium
asv12962	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Pedosphaerales	Pedosphaeraceae	SCGC_AAA164-E04
asv12963	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv12964	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
asv12965	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	JG30-KF-CM66	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc
asv12966	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
asv12967	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv12968	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Salegentibacter
asv12969	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	Woesearchaeales uc	Woesearchaeales uc
asv12970	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Mycoplasmatales	Mycoplasmataceae	Mycoplasmataceae uc
asv12971	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	028H05-P-BN-P5	028H05-P-BN-P5 uc	028H05-P-BN-P5 uc	028H05-P-BN-P5 uc
asv12972	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Alloprevotella
asv12974	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	AB1	AB1 uc
asv12975	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv12976	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	053A03-B-DI-P58	053A03-B-DI-P58 uc	053A03-B-DI-P58 uc
asv12977	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
asv12978	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
asv12979	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv12980	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lutibacter
asv12981	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Hymenobacteraceae	Hymenobacter
asv12982	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv12983	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Polyangiales	Polyangiales uc	Polyangiales uc
asv12984	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
asv12985	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kiloniellales	Kiloniellaceae	Kiloniellaceae uc
asv12986	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Methylococcales	Methylomonadaceae	Marine_Methylotrophic_Group_2
asv12987	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Oceanospirillales uc	Oceanospirillales uc
asv12988	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
asv12989	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Microbacteriaceae uc
asv12990	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Nitrosomonadaceae	DSSD61
asv12991	Bacteria	Fusobacteriota	Fusobacteriia	Fusobacteriales	Fusobacteriaceae	Cetobacterium
asv12992	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv12994	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv12995	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Thiomonas
asv12996	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Oxalobacteraceae	Massilia
asv12997	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv12998	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	P2-11E	P2-11E uc	P2-11E uc	P2-11E uc
asv13000	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv13001	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv13003	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv13004	Bacteria	Sumerlaeota	Sumerlaeia	Sumerlaeia uc	Sumerlaeia uc	Sumerlaeia uc
asv13005	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionaceae	Cellvibrionaceae uc
asv13006	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv13007	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv13008	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv13009	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv13010	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv13011	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv13012	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv13013	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	BD7-11	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc
asv13014	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv13015	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Neisseriaceae	Neisseriaceae uc
asv13016	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc
asv13017	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
asv13018	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv13019	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv13020	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Chthoniobacterales	Chthoniobacteraceae	Chthoniobacter
asv13021	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
asv13022	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv13023	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Luteolibacter
asv13024	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv13025	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Enterobacteriaceae	Enterobacteriaceae uc
asv13026	Bacteria	Schekmanbacteria	Schekmanbacteria uc	Schekmanbacteria uc	Schekmanbacteria uc	Schekmanbacteria uc
asv13027	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Haloferula
asv13028	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingorhabdus
asv13029	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv13030	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cytophagaceae	Rhodocytophaga
asv13031	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaerales	Lentisphaeraceae	Lentisphaera
asv13032	Bacteria	Latescibacterota	Latescibacteria	Latescibacterales	Latescibacteraceae	Latescibacteraceae uc
asv13033	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maritimimonas
asv13034	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	KD4-96	KD4-96 uc	KD4-96 uc	KD4-96 uc
asv13035	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Desulfuromonadia uc	Desulfuromonadia uc	Desulfuromonadia uc
asv13036	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv13037	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
asv13038	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales	Fusibacteraceae	Fusibacter
asv13039	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Immundisolibacterales	Immundisolibacteraceae	Immundisolibacteraceae uc
asv13041	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
asv13042	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Rheinheimera
asv13043	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Dietziaceae	Dietzia
asv13044	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
asv13045	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv13046	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv13047	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
asv13048	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lutibacter
asv13049	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv13050	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Carnobacteriaceae	Carnobacterium
asv13051	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv13052	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobulbia	Desulfobulbales	Desulfocapsaceae	SEEP-SRB4
asv13053	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sneathiellales	Sneathiellaceae	Sneathiella
asv13054	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Chloroflexi uc	Chloroflexi uc	Chloroflexi uc	Chloroflexi uc
asv13055	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv13056	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv13057	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
asv13058	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
asv13059	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Amoebophilaceae	Amoebophilaceae uc
asv13060	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
asv13061	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
asv13062	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
asv13063	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv13064	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Portibacter
asv13065	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwelliaceae uc
asv13066	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
asv13067	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobulbia	Desulfobulbales	Desulfocapsaceae	Desulfopila
asv13068	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
asv13069	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv13070	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
asv13071	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Shewanella
asv13072	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv13074	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiohalorhabdales	Thiohalorhabdaceae	Thiohalorhabdaceae uc
asv13075	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
asv13076	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	SG8-4	SG8-4 uc
asv13077	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv13079	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
asv13080	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv13081	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
asv13082	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv13083	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	SCGC_AAA011-D5	SCGC_AAA011-D5 uc
asv13084	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Cand_Megaira
asv13085	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	Vermiphilaceae	Vermiphilaceae uc
asv13086	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kordiimonadales	Kordiimonadaceae	Kordiimonas
asv13087	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv13088	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla3_lineage	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc
asv13089	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
asv13090	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kordiimonadales	Kordiimonadaceae	Kordiimonas
asv13091	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv13092	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
asv13093	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
asv13094	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	BD7-11	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc
asv13095	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HOC36	HOC36 uc	HOC36 uc
asv13096	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv13097	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv13098	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Formosa
asv13099	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
asv13100	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Propionibacteriales	Nocardioidaceae	Marmoricola
asv13101	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv13102	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv13103	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	4572-13	4572-13 uc
asv13104	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv13105	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
asv13106	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv13107	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv13108	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Sediminibacterium
asv13109	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv13110	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
asv13111	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv13112	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Kangiellaceae	Kangiellaceae uc
asv13113	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Nocardiaceae	Nocardiaceae uc
asv13114	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Victivallales	PRD18C08	PRD18C08 uc
asv13115	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv13116	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv13117	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv13118	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv13119	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv13120	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv13121	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv13122	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospinaceae uc
asv13123	Bacteria	Hydrogenedentes	Hydrogenedentia	Hydrogenedentiales	Hydrogenedensaceae	Hydrogenedensaceae uc
asv13124	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv13125	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Dasania
asv13126	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv13127	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Paucibacter
asv13128	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cytophagaceae	Cytophaga
asv13130	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	37-13	37-13 uc
asv13132	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv13133	Bacteria	Fusobacteriota	Fusobacteriia	Fusobacteriales	Fusobacteriaceae	Cetobacterium
asv13134	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Portibacter
asv13135	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Nannocystales	Nannocystaceae	Nannocystaceae uc
asv13136	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv13137	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv13138	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
asv13139	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
asv13140	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv13141	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaerales	Lentisphaeraceae	Lentisphaera
asv13142	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc
asv13143	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv13144	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacteria	Desulfatiglandales	Desulfatiglandaceae	Desulfatiglans
asv13145	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaerales	Lentisphaeraceae	Lentisphaera
asv13146	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Rhodothermia	Rhodothermales	Rhodothermaceae	Rhodothermaceae uc
asv13147	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Hyphomicrobiaceae	Hyphomicrobium
asv13148	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
asv13149	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Sva1033	Sva1033 uc	Sva1033 uc
asv13150	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv13151	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	SM1A02
asv13152	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Acidobacteriae	PAUC26f	PAUC26f uc	PAUC26f uc
asv13153	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
asv13154	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	P.palmC41	P.palmC41 uc	P.palmC41 uc
asv13155	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv13156	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv13157	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
asv13158	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Cerasicoccus
asv13159	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv13160	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	SG8-4	SG8-4 uc
asv13161	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiohalorhabdales	Thiohalorhabdaceae	Thiohalorhabdaceae uc
asv13162	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv13163	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Methyloligellaceae	Methyloligellaceae uc
asv13164	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv13165	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv13166	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Yersiniaceae	Yersinia
asv13167	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionaceae	Cellvibrionaceae uc
asv13168	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv13169	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Marine_Benthic_Group_A	Marine_Benthic_Group_A uc	Marine_Benthic_Group_A uc
asv13170	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
asv13171	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Saccharospirillaceae	Saccharospirillaceae uc
asv13172	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Acetobacterales	Acetobacteraceae	Roseomonas
asv13173	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
asv13174	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv13175	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv13176	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv13177	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	028H05-P-BN-P5	028H05-P-BN-P5 uc	028H05-P-BN-P5 uc	028H05-P-BN-P5 uc
asv13178	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
asv13179	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Anaerolineales	Anaerolineaceae	Anaerolineaceae uc
asv13180	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv13181	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv13182	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Acidobacteriae	PAUC26f	PAUC26f uc	PAUC26f uc
asv13183	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Paraglaciecola
asv13184	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
asv13185	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Chitinophagaceae uc
asv13186	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvibaculales	PS1	PS1 uc
asv13187	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Rhodothermia	Rhodothermales	Rhodothermaceae	Rhodothermaceae uc
asv13189	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
asv13190	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv13191	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv13192	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv13193	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
asv13194	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv13195	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	Thioglobaceae uc
asv13196	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Ignavibacteria	Ignavibacteriales	PHOS-HE36	PHOS-HE36 uc
asv13197	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Paraglaciecola
asv13198	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv13199	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv13200	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Paludibacteraceae	F0058
asv13201	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv13202	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Marinifilaceae	Marinifilaceae uc
asv13203	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Bradymonadales	Bradymonadales uc	Bradymonadales uc
asv13204	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	S085	S085 uc	S085 uc
asv13205	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_5	Subgroup_5 uc	Subgroup_5 uc	Subgroup_5 uc
asv13206	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales uc	Rickettsiales uc
asv13207	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv13208	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
asv13209	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
asv13210	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Haliangiales	Haliangiaceae	Haliangium
asv13211	Bacteria	Deinococcota	Deinococci	Deinococcales	Deinococcaceae	Deinococcus
asv13212	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv13213	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv13214	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Novosphingobium
asv13216	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Azospirillales	Azospirillaceae	Skermanella
asv13217	Bacteria	Latescibacterota	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc
asv13218	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maritimimonas
asv13219	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
asv13220	Bacteria	Fusobacteriota	Fusobacteriia	Fusobacteriales	Fusobacteriaceae	Fusobacterium
asv13221	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
asv13222	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
asv13223	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
asv13224	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
asv13225	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
asv13226	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv13227	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv13228	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sedimentitalea
asv13229	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv13230	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla3_lineage	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc
asv13232	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EV818SWSAP88	EV818SWSAP88 uc	EV818SWSAP88 uc
asv13233	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
asv13234	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	Longimicrobia	Longimicrobiales	Longimicrobiaceae	YC-ZSS-LKJ147
asv13235	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Fokiniaceae	Cand_Lariskella
asv13236	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionaceae	Cellvibrionaceae uc
asv13237	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv13238	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv13239	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv13240	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
asv13241	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Shewanella
asv13242	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv13243	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv13244	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv13245	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Thiotrichaceae	Thiotrichaceae uc
asv13246	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	JG30-KF-CM66	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc
asv13247	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv13248	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv13249	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv13250	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Amylibacter
asv13251	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv13252	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv13253	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv13254	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv13255	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv13256	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Changchengzhania
asv13257	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv13258	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv13259	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv13260	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv13261	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Amylibacter
asv13262	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv13264	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
asv13265	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv13266	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv13267	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv13268	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
asv13269	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv13271	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv13272	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv13273	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv13274	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	JL-ETNP-F27
asv13275	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv13276	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv13277	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Aurantimonas
asv13278	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv13279	Bacteria	Dadabacteria	Dadabacteriia	Dadabacteriales	Dadabacteriales uc	Dadabacteriales uc
asv13280	Bacteria	Deinococcota	Deinococci	Deinococcales	Deinococcaceae	Deinococcus
asv13281	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv13282	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv13283	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv13284	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
asv13285	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
asv13286	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv13287	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv13288	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
asv13289	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	CCM11a	CCM11a uc	CCM11a uc
asv13290	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv13291	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	SG8-4	SG8-4 uc
asv13292	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv13293	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Isosphaerales	Isosphaeraceae	Singulisphaera
asv13294	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv13295	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv13296	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv13297	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
asv13299	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
asv13300	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomicaceae uc
asv13301	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Propionibacteriales	Nocardioidaceae	Aeromicrobium
asv13302	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Cand_Photodesmus
asv13303	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv13304	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EC3	EC3 uc	EC3 uc
asv13305	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionales uc	Micavibrionales uc
asv13306	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales_fa	Anaerococcus
asv13307	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Litoreibacter
asv13308	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Roseovarius
asv13309	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv13310	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
asv13311	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
asv13312	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv13313	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Fokiniaceae	MD3-55
asv13314	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv13315	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
asv13316	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv13318	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv13319	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv13320	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv13321	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
asv13322	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Octadecabacter
asv13323	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lutibacter
asv13324	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv13325	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv13326	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Puniceicoccaceae uc
asv13327	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Roseovarius
asv13328	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
asv13329	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Methylophagaceae	Methylophagaceae uc
asv13330	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	FS140-16B-02
asv13331	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Oscillospirales	Ruminococcaceae	Faecalibacterium
asv13332	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv13333	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv13334	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv13335	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv13336	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv13337	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiales_Incertae_Sedis	Anderseniella
asv13338	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
asv13339	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	Methylotenera
asv13340	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
asv13341	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	C1-B045
asv13342	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	NAC11-7
asv13343	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetes uc	Planctomycetes uc	Planctomycetes uc
asv13344	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
asv13345	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaera
asv13346	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
asv13347	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
asv13348	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales uc	Rickettsiales uc
asv13349	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Stenotrophomonas
asv13350	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv13351	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Spongiibacteraceae uc
asv13352	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Devosiaceae	Maritalea
asv13353	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Nannocystales	Nannocystaceae	Nannocystis
asv13354	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv13355	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingorhabdus
asv13356	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
asv13357	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv13358	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv13359	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	NAC11-7
asv13360	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv13361	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Beijerinckiaceae	Methylobacterium-Methylorubrum
asv13362	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv13363	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
asv13364	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Marinicella
asv13365	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Urania-1B-19_marine_sediment_group
asv13366	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
asv13367	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv13368	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv13369	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Changchengzhania
asv13370	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv13371	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	Cand_Puniceispirillum
asv13372	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
asv13373	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Amoebophilaceae	Amoebophilaceae uc
asv13374	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv13376	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv13377	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv13378	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Devosiaceae	Maritalea
asv13379	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv13380	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Intrasporangiaceae	Intrasporangiaceae uc
asv13381	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	S085	S085 uc	S085 uc
asv13382	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacteria	Desulfobacterales	Desulfosarcinaceae	SEEP-SRB1
asv13383	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
asv13384	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Pseudofulvibacter
asv13385	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Saccharospirillaceae	Saccharospirillaceae uc
asv13386	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv13387	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv13388	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv13390	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Planctomycetales uc	Planctomycetales uc
asv13391	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc
asv13392	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv13393	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Urania-1B-19_marine_sediment_group
asv13394	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
asv13395	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv13396	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	Woesearchaeales uc	Woesearchaeales uc
asv13397	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Polyangiales	Sandaracinaceae	Sandaracinaceae uc
asv13398	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv13399	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv13400	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerae uc	Phycisphaerae uc	Phycisphaerae uc
asv13401	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv13402	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv13403	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	Puniceispirillales uc	Puniceispirillales uc
asv13405	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
asv13406	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
asv13407	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
asv13408	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	AKYH767	AKYH767 uc
asv13409	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv13410	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv13411	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
asv13412	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
asv13413	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
asv13414	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
asv13415	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
asv13416	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv13417	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Planctomycetales uc	Planctomycetales uc
asv13418	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	Woesearchaeales uc	Woesearchaeales uc
asv13420	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionales uc	Micavibrionales uc
asv13423	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv13424	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv13425	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Nannocystales	Nannocystaceae	Nannocystaceae uc
asv13426	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv13427	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv13428	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv13429	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv13430	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv13432	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv13433	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv13435	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
asv13436	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales uc	Rickettsiales uc
asv13437	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
asv13438	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Weeksellaceae	Bergeyella
asv13439	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Alloprevotella
asv13440	Bacteria	Synergistota	Synergistia	Synergistales	Synergistaceae	Fretibacterium
asv13441	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	SG8-4	SG8-4 uc
asv13442	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella
asv13443	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
asv13444	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
asv13445	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv13446	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
asv13447	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillales uc	Bacillales uc
asv13448	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv13449	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Saccharospirillaceae	Saccharospirillaceae uc
asv13450	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv13451	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
asv13452	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
asv13453	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv13454	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Pseudonocardiales	Pseudonocardiaceae	Pseudonocardia
asv13455	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
asv13456	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
asv13457	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Novosphingobium
asv13458	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Ignavibacteria	Ignavibacteriales	Melioribacteraceae	IheB3-7
asv13459	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv13460	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv13461	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv13462	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv13463	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
asv13464	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Rhodothermia	Rhodothermales	Rhodothermaceae	Rhodothermaceae uc
asv13465	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	BD7-11	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc
asv13466	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
asv13467	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv13468	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv13469	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Christensenellales	Christensenellaceae	Christensenellaceae uc
asv13470	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
asv13471	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv13472	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium
asv13473	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Fokiniaceae	Fokiniaceae uc
asv13474	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv13475	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla3_lineage	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc
asv13476	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv13477	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv13479	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ectothiorhodospirales	Ectothiorhodospiraceae	Ectothiorhodospiraceae uc
asv13480	Bacteria	FCPU426	FCPU426 uc	FCPU426 uc	FCPU426 uc	FCPU426 uc
asv13481	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv13482	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv13483	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Christensenellales	Christensenellaceae	Christensenellaceae_R-7_group
asv13484	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	MB-A2-108	MB-A2-108 uc	MB-A2-108 uc	MB-A2-108 uc
asv13485	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Luteolibacter
asv13486	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv13487	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc
asv13488	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv13489	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Thalassobaculales	Thalassobaculales uc	Thalassobaculales uc
asv13490	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv13491	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv13492	Bacteria	Hydrogenedentes	Hydrogenedentia	Hydrogenedentiales	Hydrogenedensaceae	YC-ZSS-LKJ63
asv13493	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Microbacteriaceae uc
asv13494	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales_fa	Peptoniphilus
asv13495	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv13496	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Parafilimonas
asv13497	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv13498	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kiloniellales	Kiloniellaceae	Kiloniellaceae uc
asv13499	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Terasakiellaceae	Terasakiellaceae uc
asv13500	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv13501	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv13503	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Ferruginibacter
asv13504	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv13505	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	AKAU3564_sediment_group	AKAU3564_sediment_group uc
asv13506	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv13507	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Stenotrophomonas
asv13508	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Marinicella
asv13509	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
asv13510	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Chromatiales	Chromatiaceae	Chromatiaceae uc
asv13511	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Pseudophaeobacter
asv13513	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv13514	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv13515	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv13516	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv13517	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Urania-1B-19_marine_sediment_group
asv13518	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv13519	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
asv13520	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
asv13521	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Arenicellales	Arenicellaceae	Arenicellaceae uc
asv13522	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	N9D0	N9D0 uc	N9D0 uc	N9D0 uc
asv13523	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
asv13524	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
asv13525	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
asv13526	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
asv13527	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
asv13528	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Aerococcaceae	Facklamia
asv13529	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionellaceae uc
asv13530	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Frankiales	Nakamurellaceae	Nakamurella
asv13531	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Beijerinckiaceae	Psychroglaciecola
asv13533	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionaceae	Micavibrionaceae uc
asv13534	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HglApr721	HglApr721 uc	HglApr721 uc
asv13535	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
asv13537	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv13538	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Fokiniaceae	MD3-55
asv13539	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
asv13540	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Acetobacterales	Acetobacteraceae	Acidiphilium
asv13541	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	SG8-4	SG8-4 uc
asv13542	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidetes_BD2-2	Bacteroidetes_BD2-2 uc
asv13543	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	vadinHA49	vadinHA49 uc	vadinHA49 uc	vadinHA49 uc
asv13544	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Bacteriovoracaceae uc
asv13545	Bacteria	Latescibacterota	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc
asv13546	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
asv13547	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv13548	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Planctomycetales uc	Planctomycetales uc
asv13549	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv13550	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cytophagales uc	Cytophagales uc
asv13551	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv13552	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Veillonellales-Selenomonadales	Veillonellaceae	Veillonella
asv13553	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Omnitrophia	Omnitrophales	Omnitrophaceae	Cand_Omnitrophus
asv13554	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Paracoccus
asv13555	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv13556	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Fangia
asv13557	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionaceae	Micavibrionaceae uc
asv13558	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv13559	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv13560	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
asv13561	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	SM23-30	SM23-30 uc
asv13562	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	F9P41300-M23	F9P41300-M23 uc	F9P41300-M23 uc
asv13563	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Victivallales	Arctic95B-14	Arctic95B-14 uc
asv13564	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	AT-s3-28	AT-s3-28 uc	AT-s3-28 uc	AT-s3-28 uc
asv13565	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
asv13566	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv13567	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv13568	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv13569	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	vadinHA49	vadinHA49 uc	vadinHA49 uc	vadinHA49 uc
asv13570	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv13571	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv13572	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv13573	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccaceae	Defluviicoccus
asv13574	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	AKAU3564_sediment_group	AKAU3564_sediment_group uc
asv13575	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv13577	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Verruc-01
asv13578	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv13579	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
asv13580	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv13581	Bacteria	Latescibacterota	Latescibacteria	Latescibacterales	Latescibacteraceae	Latescibacteraceae uc
asv13582	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	BD7-11	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc
asv13583	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
asv13584	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	Bdellovibrio
asv13585	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
asv13586	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv13587	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales	Peptostreptococcaceae	Romboutsia
asv13588	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv13589	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Rubritalea
asv13590	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Psychromonadaceae	Agarivorans
asv13591	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv13592	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
asv13594	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv13595	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv13596	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv13597	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv13598	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Chitinophagaceae uc
asv13599	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv13600	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Comamonadaceae uc
asv13601	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Marinifilaceae	Odoribacter
asv13602	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	Vermiphilaceae	Vermiphilaceae uc
asv13603	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionella
asv13604	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv13605	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv13606	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv13607	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	MD2904-B13	MD2904-B13 uc	MD2904-B13 uc
asv13608	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv13609	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Gitt-GS-136	Gitt-GS-136 uc	Gitt-GS-136 uc	Gitt-GS-136 uc
asv13611	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Thermoleophilia	Gaiellales	Gaiellales uc	Gaiellales uc
asv13612	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionaceae	Micavibrionaceae uc
asv13613	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
asv13615	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Omnitrophia	Omnitrophales	Omnitrophales uc	Omnitrophales uc
asv13617	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv13618	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Beijerinckiaceae	Bosea
asv13619	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv13620	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	RF39	RF39 uc	RF39 uc
asv13621	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maritimimonas
asv13622	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv13623	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	Kiritimatiellales	Kiritimatiellaceae	R76-B128
asv13624	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv13625	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
asv13626	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Xanthobacteraceae	Xanthobacteraceae uc
asv13627	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv13628	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
asv13629	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
asv13630	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv13631	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
asv13632	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
asv13633	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
asv13634	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv13635	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv13636	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	Bdellovibrio
asv13637	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv13638	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv13639	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Nitrosococcaceae	AqS1
asv13640	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
asv13641	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
asv13642	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Portibacter
asv13643	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv13644	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriales uc	Flavobacteriales uc
asv13645	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Tistrellales	Geminicoccaceae	Geminicoccaceae uc
asv13646	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv13647	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Rhodothermia	Rhodothermales	Rhodothermaceae	Rhodothermaceae uc
asv13648	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv13649	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
asv13650	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv13651	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacteria	Desulfobacterales	Desulfobacteraceae	Desulfobacter
asv13652	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv13653	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Ferruginibacter
asv13654	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Acetobacterales	Acetobacteraceae	Roseomonas
asv13655	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Rubritalea
asv13656	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Litorimonas
asv13657	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Planktomarina
asv13659	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Acetobacterales	Acetobacteraceae	Roseomonas
asv13660	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv13661	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Hyphomonadaceae uc
asv13662	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv13663	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Polyangiales	Polyangiales uc	Polyangiales uc
asv13664	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	SM1A02
asv13665	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Alcanivoracaceae1	Alcanivorax
asv13666	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
asv13667	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv13668	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
asv13669	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
asv13671	Bacteria	Myxococcota	bacteriap25	bacteriap25 uc	bacteriap25 uc	bacteriap25 uc
asv13672	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
asv13673	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	SM1A02
asv13674	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv13675	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Amoebophilaceae	Amoebophilaceae uc
asv13676	Bacteria	Zixibacteria	Zixibacteria uc	Zixibacteria uc	Zixibacteria uc	Zixibacteria uc
asv13677	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriales uc	Flavobacteriales uc
asv13678	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidetes_BD2-2	Bacteroidetes_BD2-2 uc
asv13679	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Fangia
asv13680	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	BD7-11	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc
asv13681	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	Babeliales uc	Babeliales uc
asv13682	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv13683	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla3_lineage	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc
asv13684	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv13685	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
asv13686	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales_fa	Cand_Jidaibacter
asv13687	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv13688	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
asv13689	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv13690	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv13691	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv13692	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv13693	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
asv13694	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium
asv13695	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Rhodothermia	Rhodothermales	Rhodothermaceae	Rhodothermaceae uc
asv13696	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	PeM15	PeM15 uc	PeM15 uc
asv13697	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
asv13698	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	Bdellovibrio
asv13699	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Amoebophilaceae	Amoebophilaceae uc
asv13700	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
asv13701	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Rhizorhapis
asv13702	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
asv13703	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv13704	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaerales	Lentisphaeraceae	Lentisphaera
asv13705	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv13706	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
asv13707	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Allorhizobium-Neorhizobium-Pararhizobium-Rhizobium
asv13708	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv13709	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Anaerolineales	Anaerolineaceae	Anaerolineaceae uc
asv13710	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv13711	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv13712	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv13714	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
asv13715	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv13716	Bacteria	Latescibacterota	Latescibacteria	Latescibacterales	Latescibacteraceae	Latescibacteraceae uc
asv13717	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
asv13718	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv13719	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
asv13720	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
asv13721	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
asv13722	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Sediminibacterium
asv13723	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales_fa	Parvimonas
asv13724	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micromonosporales	Micromonosporaceae	Luedemannella
asv13725	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv13726	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	Woesearchaeales uc	Woesearchaeales uc
asv13727	Bacteria	Latescibacterota	Latescibacteria	Latescibacterales	Latescibacteraceae	Latescibacteraceae uc
asv13728	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionales uc	Cellvibrionales uc
asv13729	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Tenacibaculum
asv13730	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EC3	EC3 uc	EC3 uc
asv13731	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales uc	Rickettsiales uc
asv13732	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv13733	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Mycoplasmatales	Mycoplasmataceae	Mycoplasma
asv13734	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	Vermiphilaceae	Vermiphilaceae uc
asv13735	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv13736	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc
asv13737	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv13738	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Cand_Cryptoprodotis
asv13739	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Paracaedibacterales	Paracaedibacteraceae	Cand_Paracaedibacter
asv13740	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv13741	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
asv13742	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
asv13743	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Anaerolineales	Anaerolineaceae	Anaerolineaceae uc
asv13744	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionaceae	Micavibrionaceae uc
asv13745	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Vampirivibrionia	Caenarcaniphilales	Caenarcaniphilales uc	Caenarcaniphilales uc
asv13746	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halioglobus
asv13747	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv13748	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv13749	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
asv13750	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv13751	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv13752	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv13753	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Cyanobacteriia	Synechococcales	Cyanobiaceae	Synechococcus
asv13754	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv13756	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv13757	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv13758	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv13759	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv13760	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Thalassobaculales	Nisaeaceae	OM75
asv13761	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv13762	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	OM60(NOR5)
asv13763	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv13764	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv13765	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv13766	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv13767	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Lentibacter
asv13768	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv13769	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiales uc	Burkholderiales uc
asv13770	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv13771	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv13772	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Oxalobacteraceae	Noviherbaspirillum
asv13773	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
asv13774	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv13775	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv13776	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv13777	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales uc	Rickettsiales uc
asv13778	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
asv13779	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv13780	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
asv13781	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
asv13782	Bacteria	MBNT15	MBNT15 uc	MBNT15 uc	MBNT15 uc	MBNT15 uc
asv13783	Bacteria	Campilobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Sulfurimonadaceae	Sulfurimonas
asv13785	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv13786	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Urania-1B-19_marine_sediment_group
asv13787	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Blfdi19	Blfdi19 uc	Blfdi19 uc
asv13789	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
asv13790	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
asv13791	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Fokiniaceae	MD3-55
asv13793	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Paracaedibacterales	Paracaedibacteraceae	Cand_Captivus
asv13795	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv13796	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv13797	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Spirosomaceae	Spirosoma
asv13798	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Anaerolineales	Anaerolineaceae	Anaerolineaceae uc
asv13799	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv13800	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
asv13801	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kiloniellales	Kiloniellaceae	Kiloniellaceae uc
asv13802	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv13803	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvibaculales	Parvibaculaceae	Tepidicaulis
asv13804	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Holosporales	Holosporaceae	Cand_Gortzia
asv13805	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Lentibacter
asv13806	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv13807	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv13808	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv13809	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv13810	Bacteria	Latescibacterota	Latescibacteria	Latescibacterales	Latescibacteraceae	Latescibacteraceae uc
asv13811	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv13812	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Desulfuromonadia_or	Geothermobacteraceae	Geothermobacter
asv13813	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Methylococcales	Cycloclasticaceae	Cycloclasticus
asv13814	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	CCM11a	CCM11a uc	CCM11a uc
asv13815	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales	Fusibacteraceae	Fusibacter
asv13816	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv13817	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnoclostridium
asv13818	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv13819	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Rhodothermia	Rhodothermales	Rhodothermaceae	Rhodothermaceae uc
asv13820	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	SM23-30	SM23-30 uc
asv13821	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv13822	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv13823	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidetes_VC2.1_Bac22	Bacteroidetes_VC2.1_Bac22 uc	Bacteroidetes_VC2.1_Bac22 uc
asv13824	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aurantivirga
asv13825	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
asv13827	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
asv13828	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Paracoccus
asv13829	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	Woesearchaeales uc	Woesearchaeales uc
asv13830	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv13831	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv13832	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sedimentitalea
asv13833	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv13834	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv13835	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv13836	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
asv13837	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv13838	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv13839	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv13840	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv13841	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Entomoplasmatales	Entomoplasmatales_Incertae_Sedis	Cand_Hepatoplasma
asv13842	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
asv13843	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv13844	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv13845	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Holosporales	Holosporaceae	Holosporaceae uc
asv13846	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
asv13847	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv13848	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidales uc	Bacteroidales uc
asv13849	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	053A03-B-DI-P58	053A03-B-DI-P58 uc	053A03-B-DI-P58 uc
asv13850	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
asv13851	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Caulobacterales uc	Caulobacterales uc
asv13852	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Mycetocola
asv13853	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv13854	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales	Peptostreptococcaceae	Romboutsia
asv13855	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionella
asv13856	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	AB1	AB1 uc
asv13857	Bacteria	Dadabacteria	Dadabacteriia	Dadabacteriales	Dadabacteriales uc	Dadabacteriales uc
asv13858	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
asv13859	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Christensenellales	Christensenellaceae	Christensenellaceae_R-7_group
asv13860	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Polyangiales	Sandaracinaceae	Sandaracinaceae uc
asv13861	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv13862	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv13863	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv13864	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Holosporales	Holosporaceae	Cand_Gortzia
asv13865	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv13866	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Paracaedibacterales	Paracaedibacteraceae	Paracaedibacteraceae uc
asv13867	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv13868	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
asv13869	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
asv13870	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv13871	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Formosa
asv13872	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionaceae	Micavibrionaceae uc
asv13873	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
asv13874	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Halobacteriovorax
asv13875	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv13876	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionaceae	Cellvibrionaceae uc
asv13877	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Rubritalea
asv13878	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv13879	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
asv13880	Bacteria	Patescibacteria	Saccharimonadia	Saccharimonadales	Saccharimonadaceae	GTL1
asv13881	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Galbitalea
asv13882	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionella
asv13883	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
asv13884	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aurantivirga
asv13885	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
asv13886	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lutibacter
asv13887	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
asv13888	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv13889	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv13890	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Litorimonas
asv13891	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv13892	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Tenacibaculum
asv13893	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
asv13894	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc
asv13895	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv13896	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Mycoplasmatales	Mycoplasmataceae	Mycoplasma
asv13897	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv13898	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
asv13899	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Planktomarina
asv13900	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv13901	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	IMCC26256	IMCC26256 uc	IMCC26256 uc
asv13902	Bacteria	Dadabacteria	Dadabacteriia	Dadabacteriales	Dadabacteriales uc	Dadabacteriales uc
asv13903	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv13904	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus
asv13905	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv13906	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Anaplasmataceae	Cand_Xenolissoclinum
asv13908	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrososphaerales	Nitrososphaeraceae	Cand_Nitrososphaera
asv13909	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
asv13910	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales_fa	Fenollaria
asv13911	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv13912	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prolixibacteraceae	Draconibacterium
asv13913	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionaceae	Micavibrionaceae uc
asv13914	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	SM23-30	SM23-30 uc
asv13915	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Vampirivibrionia	Obscuribacterales	Obscuribacteraceae	Cand_Obscuribacter
asv13916	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
asv13917	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
asv13918	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Omnitrophia	Omnitrophales	Omnitrophaceae	Cand_Omnitrophus
asv13919	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Rhodothermia	Rhodothermales	Rhodothermaceae	Rhodothermaceae uc
asv13920	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv13921	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Opitutaceae	Opitutaceae uc
asv13922	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
asv13923	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv13924	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Dermacoccaceae	Allobranchiibius
asv13925	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	P9X2b3D02	P9X2b3D02 uc	P9X2b3D02 uc	P9X2b3D02 uc
asv13926	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Rhodothermia	Rhodothermales	Rhodothermaceae	Rhodothermaceae uc
asv13927	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionella
asv13928	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales uc	Rickettsiales uc
asv13929	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	AKAU3564_sediment_group	AKAU3564_sediment_group uc
asv13930	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
asv13931	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Acetobacterales	Acetobacteraceae	Acidiphilium
asv13932	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Acidobacteriae	Acidobacteriales	Koribacteraceae	Cand_Koribacter
asv13933	Bacteria	WS1	WS1 uc	WS1 uc	WS1 uc	WS1 uc
asv13934	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv13935	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv13936	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Ignavibacteria	Ignavibacteriales	PHOS-HE36	PHOS-HE36 uc
asv13937	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Marinilabiliaceae	Marinilabiliaceae uc
asv13938	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
asv13939	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv13940	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
asv13941	Bacteria	Deinococcota	Deinococci	Deinococcales	Trueperaceae	Truepera
asv13942	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	vadinHA49	vadinHA49 uc	vadinHA49 uc	vadinHA49 uc
asv13943	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Shewanella
asv13944	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaerales	Lentisphaeraceae	Lentisphaera
asv13945	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv13946	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv13947	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv13948	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Victivallales	PRD18C08	PRD18C08 uc
asv13949	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv13950	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Diplorickettsiales	Diplorickettsiaceae	Diplorickettsiaceae uc
asv13951	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales uc	Rickettsiales uc
asv13952	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maritimimonas
asv13953	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla3_lineage	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc
asv13954	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	NS11-12	NS11-12 uc
asv13955	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv13956	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv13957	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Paraglaciecola
asv13958	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales	Anaerovoracaceae	Anaerovoracaceae uc
asv13959	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv13960	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
asv13961	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ectothiorhodospirales	Ectothiorhodospiraceae	Ectothiorhodospiraceae uc
asv13962	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales_fa	Anaerococcus
asv13963	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv13964	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Chromatiales	Sedimenticolaceae	Sedimenticolaceae uc
asv13965	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv13966	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv13967	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Hymenobacteraceae	Hymenobacter
asv13968	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
asv13969	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
asv13970	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
asv13971	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Anaerolineales	Anaerolineaceae	Anaerolineaceae uc
asv13972	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcales uc	Myxococcales uc
asv13973	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiales_Incertae_Sedis	Anderseniella
asv13974	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
asv13975	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv13976	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Amoebophilaceae	Amoebophilaceae uc
asv13977	Bacteria	Latescibacterota	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc
asv13978	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
asv13979	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
asv13980	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	SM1A02
asv13981	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	CCM11a	CCM11a uc	CCM11a uc
asv13982	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
asv13983	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Gitt-GS-136	Gitt-GS-136 uc	Gitt-GS-136 uc	Gitt-GS-136 uc
asv13984	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Nitrosomonadaceae	Nitrosomonas
asv13986	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv13987	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	TK17	TK17 uc	TK17 uc	TK17 uc
asv13988	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	AT-s2-59	AT-s2-59 uc	AT-s2-59 uc
asv13989	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Nocardiaceae	Gordonia
asv13990	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium
asv13991	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Eudoraea
asv13992	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv13993	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Victivallales	BD2-3	BD2-3 uc
asv13994	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv13995	Bacteria	Spirochaetota	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales	Spirochaetaceae	Sediminispirochaeta
asv13996	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Acetobacterales	Acetobacteraceae	Rubritepida
asv13997	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
asv13998	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv13999	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Pelagicoccus
asv14000	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv14001	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv14002	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Oscillospirales	Ruminococcaceae	Subdoligranulum
asv14003	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Planctomycetales uc	Planctomycetales uc
asv14004	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv14005	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
asv14006	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv14007	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
asv14008	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionella
asv14009	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv14010	Bacteria	Fibrobacterota	Fibrobacteria	Fibrobacterales	Fibrobacteraceae	Fibrobacteraceae uc
asv14011	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
asv14012	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacteria	Desulfobacterales	Desulfosarcinaceae	Desulfosarcinaceae uc
asv14013	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
asv14014	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv14015	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_21	Subgroup_21 uc	Subgroup_21 uc	Subgroup_21 uc
asv14016	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Thermoleophilia	Gaiellales	Gaiellales uc	Gaiellales uc
asv14017	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv14018	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
asv14019	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Brevibacteriaceae	Brevibacterium
asv14020	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv14021	Bacteria	Spirochaetota	Leptospirae	Leptospirales	Leptospiraceae	Turneriella
asv14022	Bacteria	Latescibacterota	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc
asv14023	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium_sensu_stricto_1
asv14024	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
asv14025	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv14027	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	SG8-4	SG8-4 uc
asv14028	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	AKYH767	AKYH767 uc
asv14029	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Fangia
asv14030	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv14031	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	SCGC_AAA011-D5	SCGC_AAA011-D5 uc
asv14032	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv14033	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv14034	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv14035	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridia_UCG-014	Clostridia_UCG-014 uc	Clostridia_UCG-014 uc
asv14036	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Actinomarinales	Actinomarinales uc	Actinomarinales uc
asv14037	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Acidobacteriae	Acidobacteriales	Acidobacteriaceae_(Subgroup_1)	Edaphobacter
asv14038	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella
asv14039	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Paracoccus
asv14040	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
asv14041	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv14042	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv14043	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
asv14045	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella
asv14046	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Cand_Cryptoprodotis
asv14047	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lutibacter
asv14048	Bacteria	Sumerlaeota	Sumerlaeia	Sumerlaeales	Sumerlaeaceae	Sumerlaea
asv14049	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv14050	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv14051	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	JG30-KF-CM66	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc
asv14052	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv14053	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv14054	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	vadinHA49	vadinHA49 uc	vadinHA49 uc	vadinHA49 uc
asv14055	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv14056	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
asv14057	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv14058	Bacteria	Latescibacterota	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc
asv14059	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidetes_BD2-2	Bacteroidetes_BD2-2 uc
asv14060	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Ignavibacteria	Ignavibacteriales	PHOS-HE36	PHOS-HE36 uc
asv14061	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales_fa	Pseudobacteriovorax
asv14062	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Psychromonadaceae	Psychromonas
asv14063	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
asv14064	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv14065	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	AT-s3-28	AT-s3-28 uc	AT-s3-28 uc	AT-s3-28 uc
asv14066	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Aminicenantia	Aminicenantales	Aminicenantales uc	Aminicenantales uc
asv14067	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	SM23-30	SM23-30 uc
asv14068	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobulbia	Desulfobulbales	Desulfocapsaceae	Desulforhopalus
asv14069	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	Vermiphilaceae	Vermiphilaceae uc
asv14070	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv14071	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiota uc	Verrucomicrobiota uc	Verrucomicrobiota uc	Verrucomicrobiota uc
asv14072	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales uc	Rickettsiales uc
asv14073	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv14074	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
asv14075	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	GW2011	AR15
asv14076	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv14077	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	Sphingobacteriaceae	Mucilaginibacter
asv14078	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv14079	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
asv14080	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
asv14081	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Polyangiales	Eel-36e1D6	Eel-36e1D6 uc
asv14082	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiales_Incertae_Sedis	Anderseniella
asv14083	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
asv14084	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Paracaedibacterales	Paracaedibacteraceae	Cand_Finniella
asv14085	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
asv14087	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Actibacterium
asv14088	Bacteria	Dadabacteria	Dadabacteriia	Dadabacteriales	Dadabacteriales uc	Dadabacteriales uc
asv14089	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv14090	Bacteria	Nitrospirota	Nitrospiria	Nitrospirales	Nitrospiraceae	Nitrospira
asv14091	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv14092	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
asv14093	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv14094	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv14095	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
asv14096	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Thiotrichaceae	Thiotrichaceae uc
asv14097	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
asv14098	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Opitutaceae	Cephaloticoccus
asv14099	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
asv14100	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv14101	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv14102	Bacteria	Hydrogenedentes	Hydrogenedentia	Hydrogenedentiales	Hydrogenedensaceae	Hydrogenedensaceae uc
asv14103	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv14104	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Catellicoccaceae	Catellicoccus
asv14105	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv14106	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv14108	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospira
asv14109	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Arenicellales	Arenicellaceae	Arenicella
asv14110	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
asv14111	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
asv14112	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv14113	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Arenicellales	Arenicellaceae	Arenicella
asv14114	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
asv14115	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv14116	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv14117	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv14118	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Capnocytophaga
asv14119	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Chthoniobacterales	Terrimicrobiaceae	FukuN18_freshwater_group
asv14121	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Halobacteriovorax
asv14122	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv14123	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
asv14124	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus
asv14125	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv14126	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv14127	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Rubinisphaeraceae	Fuerstia
asv14128	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Actinomycetales	Actinomycetaceae	Varibaculum
asv14129	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Paenibacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Paenibacillus
asv14130	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Yoonia-Loktanella
asv14131	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv14132	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
asv14133	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thiomicrospiraceae	Thiomicrorhabdus
asv14134	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv14135	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv14136	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
asv14137	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
asv14138	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv14139	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	Bdellovibrio
asv14140	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Kangiellaceae	Aliikangiella
asv14141	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv14142	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	AKAU3564_sediment_group	AKAU3564_sediment_group uc
asv14143	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc
asv14144	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv14145	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Chlamydiae	Chlamydiales	Chlamydiaceae	Chlamydiaceae uc
asv14146	Bacteria	Spirochaetota	Leptospirae	Leptospirales	Leptospiraceae	Turneriella
asv14147	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv14148	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas
asv14149	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lutibacter
asv14150	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
asv14151	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv14152	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
asv14153	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv14154	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Psychrosphaera
asv14155	Bacteria	Latescibacterota	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc
asv14156	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
asv14157	Bacteria	Patescibacteria	Gracilibacteria	JGI_0000069-P22	JGI_0000069-P22 uc	JGI_0000069-P22 uc
asv14158	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionaceae	Cellvibrionaceae uc
asv14159	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv14160	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella
asv14161	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
asv14162	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	Cand_Puniceispirillum
asv14163	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ectothiorhodospirales	Ectothiorhodospiraceae	Ectothiorhodospiraceae uc
asv14165	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaerales	Lentisphaeraceae	Lentisphaera
asv14166	Bacteria	Calditrichota	Calditrichia	Calditrichales	Calditrichaceae	JdFR-76
asv14167	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Weeksellaceae	Moheibacter
asv14168	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Blastocatellia	Blastocatellales	Blastocatellaceae	Blastocatella
asv14169	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv14170	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter
asv14171	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales uc	Rickettsiales uc
asv14172	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv14173	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	AKAU3564_sediment_group	AKAU3564_sediment_group uc
asv14174	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv14175	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv14177	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
asv14178	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidia uc	Dehalococcoidia uc	Dehalococcoidia uc
asv14179	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv14180	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
asv14181	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv14182	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Weeksellaceae	Weeksellaceae uc
asv14183	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
asv14184	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Omnitrophia	Omnitrophales	Omnitrophaceae	Cand_Omnitrophus
asv14185	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv14186	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
asv14187	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Omnitrophia	Omnitrophales	Omnitrophaceae	Cand_Omnitrophus
asv14188	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv14189	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv14190	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Roseobacter
asv14191	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ectothiorhodospirales	Thioalkalispiraceae	Thiohalophilus
asv14192	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Spongiibacteraceae uc
asv14193	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Vibrionaceae uc
asv14194	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv14195	Bacteria	Latescibacterota	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc
asv14196	Bacteria	Zixibacteria	Zixibacteria uc	Zixibacteria uc	Zixibacteria uc	Zixibacteria uc
asv14197	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv14198	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv14200	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aurantivirga
asv14201	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
asv14202	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
asv14204	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Novosphingobium
asv14205	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv14206	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
asv14207	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
asv14208	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv14209	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv14210	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv14211	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Rhodothermia	Rhodothermales	Rhodothermaceae	Rhodothermaceae uc
asv14212	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnoanaerobaculum
asv14213	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Diplorickettsiales	Diplorickettsiaceae	Diplorickettsiaceae uc
asv14214	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halioglobus
asv14215	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
asv14216	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv14217	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Dasania
asv14218	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Hydrogenophilaceae	Thiobacillus
asv14219	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	SM2D12	SM2D12 uc
asv14220	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv14221	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Actinomarinales	Actinomarinales uc	Actinomarinales uc
asv14222	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionella
asv14223	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv14224	Bacteria	Armatimonadota	Fimbriimonadia	Fimbriimonadales	Fimbriimonadaceae	Fimbriimonadaceae uc
asv14225	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv14226	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
asv14227	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	Babeliales uc	Babeliales uc
asv14228	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv14229	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc
asv14230	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	AT-s2-59	AT-s2-59 uc	AT-s2-59 uc
asv14231	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv14232	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Terasakiellaceae	Terasakiellaceae uc
asv14233	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Cand_Arcanobacter
asv14235	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv14236	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiales uc	Burkholderiales uc
asv14237	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv14238	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv14239	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	AB1	AB1 uc
asv14240	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv14241	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	SM1A02
asv14243	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Acidobacteriae	Bryobacterales	Bryobacteraceae	Bryobacter
asv14244	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv14245	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv14246	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
asv14247	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv14248	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Vampirivibrionia	Obscuribacterales	Obscuribacteraceae	Obscuribacteraceae uc
asv14249	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	vadinHA49	vadinHA49 uc	vadinHA49 uc	vadinHA49 uc
asv14250	Bacteria	Patescibacteria	Saccharimonadia	Saccharimonadales	Saccharimonadales uc	Saccharimonadales uc
asv14251	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv14252	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv14253	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Erysipelotrichales	Erysipelotrichaceae	Turicibacter
asv14254	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv14255	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
asv14256	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv14257	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Acidobacteriae	Acidobacteriales	Acidobacteriaceae_(Subgroup_1)	Granulicella
asv14258	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv14259	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Cand_Megaira
asv14260	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Actinomarinales	Actinomarinales uc	Actinomarinales uc
asv14262	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv14263	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Holophagae	Acanthopleuribacterales	Acanthopleuribacteraceae	Acanthopleuribacter
asv14264	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Omnitrophia	Omnitrophales	Omnitrophaceae	Cand_Omnitrophus
asv14265	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillales uc	Lactobacillales uc
asv14266	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Aminicenantia	Aminicenantales	Aminicenantales uc	Aminicenantales uc
asv14267	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Polyangia uc	Polyangia uc	Polyangia uc
asv14268	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Victivallales	Arctic95B-14	Arctic95B-14 uc
asv14269	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Omnitrophia	Omnitrophales	Omnitrophaceae	Cand_Omnitrophus
asv14270	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Spirosomaceae	Spirosoma
asv14271	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv14272	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv14273	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv14274	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv14275	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv14276	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv14277	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv14278	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv14279	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv14280	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv14281	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv14282	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv14283	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv14284	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv14285	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Amylibacter
asv14286	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
asv14287	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv14288	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
asv14289	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Delftia
asv14290	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv14291	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv14292	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiales uc	Burkholderiales uc
asv14293	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Amylibacter
asv14294	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv14295	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv14296	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv14297	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	NS11-12	NS11-12 uc
asv14298	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv14299	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Cognatiyoonia
asv14300	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Omnitrophia	Omnitrophales	Omnitrophaceae	Cand_Omnitrophus
asv14301	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv14302	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv14303	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Verrucomicrobiaceae	Prosthecobacter
asv14304	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
asv14305	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Verruc-01
asv14306	Bacteria	Calditrichota	Calditrichia	Calditrichales	Calditrichaceae	Calditrichaceae uc
asv14307	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
asv14308	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv14309	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv14310	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
asv14311	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
asv14312	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv14313	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv14314	Bacteria	Calditrichota	Calditrichia	Calditrichales	Calditrichaceae	Calditrichaceae uc
asv14315	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Chlamydiae	Chlamydiales	Chlamydiaceae	Chlamydiaceae uc
asv14316	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
asv14318	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv14319	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv14320	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidia uc	Dehalococcoidia uc	Dehalococcoidia uc
asv14321	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv14322	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Ignavibacteria	Ignavibacteriales	PHOS-HE36	PHOS-HE36 uc
asv14323	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aurantivirga
asv14325	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv14326	Bacteria	Abditibacteriota	Abditibacteria	Abditibacteriales	Abditibacteriaceae	Abditibacterium
asv14327	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv14328	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv14329	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
asv14330	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	NAC11-7
asv14331	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
asv14332	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv14333	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Rhodothermia	Rhodothermales	Rhodothermaceae	Rhodothermaceae uc
asv14334	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EC3	EC3 uc	EC3 uc
asv14335	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	Woesearchaeales uc	Woesearchaeales uc
asv14336	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv14337	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv14338	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv14339	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	Woesearchaeales uc	Woesearchaeales uc
asv14340	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Fokiniaceae	MD3-55
asv14341	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ga0077536	Ga0077536 uc	Ga0077536 uc
asv14343	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
asv14344	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv14345	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Flammeovirgaceae	Flammeovirgaceae uc
asv14346	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
asv14347	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv14348	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
asv14349	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Bradymonadales	Bradymonadales uc	Bradymonadales uc
asv14350	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv14351	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv14352	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
asv14353	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv14354	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv14355	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade IV	SAR11 Clade IV uc
asv14356	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Yoonia-Loktanella
asv14357	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Rhizobiaceae uc
asv14358	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv14359	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
asv14360	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Comamonadaceae uc
asv14361	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv14362	Bacteria	Hydrogenedentes	Hydrogenedentia	Hydrogenedentiales	Hydrogenedensaceae	Hydrogenedensaceae uc
asv14363	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	053A03-B-DI-P58	053A03-B-DI-P58 uc	053A03-B-DI-P58 uc
asv14364	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Bacteriovoracaceae uc
asv14365	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	KD4-96	KD4-96 uc	KD4-96 uc	KD4-96 uc
asv14366	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
asv14367	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
asv14368	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv14369	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Flammeovirgaceae	Flammeovirgaceae uc
asv14370	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Formosa
asv14371	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv14372	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	SS1-B-02-17	SS1-B-02-17 uc	SS1-B-02-17 uc
asv14373	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv14374	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionales uc	Micavibrionales uc
asv14375	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kordiimonadales	Kordiimonadaceae	Kordiimonas
asv14376	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Bathyarchaeia	Bathyarchaeia uc	Bathyarchaeia uc	Bathyarchaeia uc
asv14377	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv14378	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
asv14379	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	Bdellovibrio
asv14380	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Rhodothermia	Rhodothermales	Rhodothermaceae	Rhodothermaceae uc
asv14381	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Ardenticatenales	Ardenticatenales uc	Ardenticatenales uc
asv14382	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
asv14383	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lutibacter
asv14384	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv14385	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv14386	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Omnitrophia	Omnitrophales	Omnitrophales uc	Omnitrophales uc
asv14387	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	SM1A02
asv14388	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Omnitrophia	Omnitrophales	Omnitrophaceae	Cand_Omnitrophus
asv14389	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv14390	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kiloniellales	Kiloniellaceae	Kiloniella
asv14391	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Verrucomicrobiales uc	Verrucomicrobiales uc
asv14392	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	Bdellovibrio
asv14393	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Rhizobiaceae uc
asv14394	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv14395	Bacteria	Patescibacteria	Gracilibacteria	Gracilibacteria uc	Gracilibacteria uc	Gracilibacteria uc
asv14396	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv14397	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Kangiellaceae	Kangiellaceae uc
asv14398	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv14399	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Ardenticatenales	Ardenticatenales uc	Ardenticatenales uc
asv14400	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridia_UCG-014	Clostridia_UCG-014 uc	Clostridia_UCG-014 uc
asv14401	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Urania-1B-19_marine_sediment_group
asv14402	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv14403	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
asv14404	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospiraceae uc
asv14405	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospiraceae uc
asv14406	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv14407	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Alcanivoracaceae1	Alcanivorax
asv14408	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	NAC11-7
asv14409	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Roseibacillus
asv14410	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Fokiniaceae	Fokiniaceae uc
asv14411	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Halobacteriovorax
asv14412	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	Sphingobacteriaceae	Pedobacter
asv14413	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella
asv14414	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	P13-46	P13-46 uc
asv14415	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Spongiibacteraceae uc
asv14416	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Puniceicoccaceae uc
asv14417	Bacteria	MBNT15	MBNT15 uc	MBNT15 uc	MBNT15 uc	MBNT15 uc
asv14418	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Oscillospirales	Oscillospirales uc	Oscillospirales uc
asv14419	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv14420	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	vadinHA49	vadinHA49 uc	vadinHA49 uc	vadinHA49 uc
asv14421	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Verrucomicrobiaceae	Verrucomicrobiaceae uc
asv14422	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv14423	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
asv14424	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv14425	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv14426	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter
asv14427	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv14431	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Cognatiyoonia
asv14432	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Terasakiellaceae	Terasakiella
asv14433	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv14434	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmata uc	Thermoplasmata uc	Thermoplasmata uc
asv14435	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Verrucomicrobiaceae	Verrucomicrobiaceae uc
asv14436	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Propionibacteriales	Nocardioidaceae	Nocardioides
asv14437	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Rubinisphaeraceae	Rubinisphaera
asv14438	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
asv14439	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	AKAU3564_sediment_group	AKAU3564_sediment_group uc
asv14440	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv14441	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Thermoleophilia	Gaiellales	Gaiellales uc	Gaiellales uc
asv14442	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
asv14443	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_21	Subgroup_21 uc	Subgroup_21 uc	Subgroup_21 uc
asv14444	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
asv14445	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	vadinHA49	vadinHA49 uc	vadinHA49 uc	vadinHA49 uc
asv14446	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	SBR1031	SBR1031 uc	SBR1031 uc
asv14447	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
asv14448	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv14449	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Verruc-01
asv14450	Bacteria	Sumerlaeota	Sumerlaeia	Sumerlaeales	Sumerlaeaceae	Sumerlaea
asv14451	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Anaerolineales	Anaerolineaceae	Anaerolineaceae uc
asv14452	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Omnitrophia	Omnitrophales	Omnitrophales uc	Omnitrophales uc
asv14453	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	GW2011	AR15
asv14454	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria uc	Actinobacteria uc	Actinobacteria uc
asv14455	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
asv14456	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv14457	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
asv14458	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	SM1A02
asv14459	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv14460	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Caldilineales	Caldilineaceae	Caldilineaceae uc
asv14461	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	Woesearchaeales uc	Woesearchaeales uc
asv14462	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla3_lineage	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc
asv14463	Bacteria	Latescibacterota	Latescibacteria	Latescibacterales	Latescibacteraceae	Latescibacteraceae uc
asv14464	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Reyranellales	Reyranellaceae	Reyranella
asv14465	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv14466	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Methylophagaceae	Methylophaga
asv14467	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
asv14468	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Thermoleophilia	Gaiellales	Gaiellales uc	Gaiellales uc
asv14469	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales_fa	Finegoldia
asv14470	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	BD7-11	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc
asv14471	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv14472	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc
asv14473	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla4_lineage	Pla4_lineage uc	Pla4_lineage uc	Pla4_lineage uc
asv14474	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv14475	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv14476	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Bradymonadales	Bradymonadales uc	Bradymonadales uc
asv14477	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv14478	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
asv14479	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
asv14480	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Pelagicoccus
asv14481	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc
asv14482	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Sericytochromatia	Sericytochromatia uc	Sericytochromatia uc	Sericytochromatia uc
asv14483	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv14484	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
asv14485	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella
asv14486	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv14487	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrososphaerales	Nitrososphaeraceae	Nitrososphaeraceae uc
asv14488	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridia_UCG-014	Clostridia_UCG-014 uc	Clostridia_UCG-014 uc
asv14490	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellula
asv14491	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Frankiales	Frankiaceae	Jatrophihabitans
asv14492	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	SCGC_AAA011-D5	SCGC_AAA011-D5 uc
asv14493	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv14494	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv14495	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Formosa
asv14496	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv14497	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv14498	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Kangiellaceae	Kangiellaceae uc
asv14499	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade III	SAR11 Clade III uc
asv14500	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Veillonellales-Selenomonadales	Veillonellaceae	Anaeroglobus
asv14501	Bacteria	Spirochaetota	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales	Spirochaetaceae	Treponema
asv14502	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Algoriphagus
asv14503	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Marinobacteraceae	Marinobacter
asv14504	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv14505	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	P0X4b2H11	P0X4b2H11 uc	P0X4b2H11 uc
asv14506	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv14507	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS4
asv14508	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv14509	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv14510	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
asv14511	Bacteria	Latescibacterota	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc
asv14512	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
asv14513	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	Bdellovibrio
asv14514	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv14515	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Spongiibacteraceae uc
asv14516	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellula
asv14517	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv14518	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Victivallales	Arctic95B-14	Arctic95B-14 uc
asv14519	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Bradymonadales	Bradymonadales uc	Bradymonadales uc
asv14520	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
asv14521	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Thiotrichaceae	Thiotrichaceae uc
asv14522	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
asv14523	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	Gemmatimonadetes	Gemmatimonadales	Gemmatimonadaceae	Gemmatimonadaceae uc
asv14524	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv14525	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv14526	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
asv14527	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Winogradskyella
asv14528	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	NS11-12	NS11-12 uc
asv14529	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv14530	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	BD7-11	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc
asv14531	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
asv14532	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Leuconostocaceae	Leuconostoc
asv14533	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Acidobacteriae	Subgroup_13	Subgroup_13 uc	Subgroup_13 uc
asv14534	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv14535	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv14536	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
asv14537	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv14538	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
asv14539	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv14540	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Isosphaerales	Isosphaeraceae	Paludisphaera
asv14541	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Anaerolineae uc	Anaerolineae uc	Anaerolineae uc
asv14542	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Nocardiaceae	Nocardiaceae uc
asv14543	Bacteria	Sumerlaeota	Sumerlaeia	Sumerlaeales	Sumerlaeaceae	Sumerlaea
asv14544	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv14545	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv14546	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv14547	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv14548	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sneathiellales	Sneathiellaceae	Sneathiellaceae uc
asv14549	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv14550	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
asv14551	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv14552	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv14553	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv14554	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
asv14555	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	P.palmC41	P.palmC41 uc	P.palmC41 uc
asv14556	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv14557	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Anaerolineae uc	Anaerolineae uc	Anaerolineae uc
asv14558	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
asv14559	Bacteria	Elusimicrobiota	Lineage_IIb	Lineage_IIb uc	Lineage_IIb uc	Lineage_IIb uc
asv14560	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halioglobus
asv14561	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
asv14562	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Thermoleophilia	Gaiellales	Gaiellaceae	Gaiella
asv14563	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv14564	Bacteria	Latescibacterota	Latescibacteria	Latescibacterales	Latescibacteraceae	Latescibacteraceae uc
asv14565	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv14566	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales_fa	Peptoniphilus
asv14567	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv14568	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Nannocystales	Nannocystaceae	Nannocystaceae uc
asv14569	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	Bdellovibrio
asv14570	Bacteria	Spirochaetota	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales	Spirochaetaceae	Spirochaeta_2
asv14571	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
asv14572	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
asv14573	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Planctomycetales uc	Planctomycetales uc
asv14574	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Gitt-GS-136	Gitt-GS-136 uc	Gitt-GS-136 uc	Gitt-GS-136 uc
asv14575	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv14576	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	AKAU3564_sediment_group	AKAU3564_sediment_group uc
asv14577	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
asv14578	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv14579	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv14581	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sedimentitalea
asv14582	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales uc	Rickettsiales uc
asv14584	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
asv14585	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv14586	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	028H05-P-BN-P5	028H05-P-BN-P5 uc	028H05-P-BN-P5 uc	028H05-P-BN-P5 uc
asv14587	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
asv14588	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	P.palmC41	P.palmC41 uc	P.palmC41 uc
asv14589	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Thiotrichaceae	Thiotrichaceae uc
asv14590	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
asv14591	Bacteria	Deferrisomatota	Defferrisomatia	Defferrisomatales	Defferrisomataceae	Deferrisoma
asv14592	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv14593	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
asv14594	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium_sensu_stricto_1
asv14595	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv14596	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	NAC11-7
asv14597	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
asv14598	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Cand_Berkiella
asv14599	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv14601	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Christensenellales	Christensenellaceae	Christensenellaceae uc
asv14602	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv14603	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Verruc-01
asv14604	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
asv14605	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	C86	C86 uc	C86 uc
asv14606	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Hyphomonadaceae uc
asv14607	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv14608	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
asv14609	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	SM1A02
asv14610	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Omnitrophia	Omnitrophales	koll11	koll11 uc
asv14611	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv14612	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Chlamydiae	Chlamydiales	Simkaniaceae	Simkaniaceae uc
asv14613	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
asv14614	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	Woesearchaeales uc	Woesearchaeales uc
asv14615	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidetes_BD2-2	Bacteroidetes_BD2-2 uc
asv14616	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella
asv14617	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
asv14618	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv14619	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
asv14620	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	AKAU3564_sediment_group	AKAU3564_sediment_group uc
asv14621	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Kapabacteria	Kapabacteriales	Kapabacteriales uc	Kapabacteriales uc
asv14622	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Saccharospirillaceae	Saccharospirillaceae uc
asv14623	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Amoebophilaceae	Amoebophilaceae uc
asv14624	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
asv14625	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
asv14626	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Polaromonas
asv14627	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
asv14628	Bacteria	DTB120	DTB120 uc	DTB120 uc	DTB120 uc	DTB120 uc
asv14629	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
asv14630	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv14631	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
asv14632	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	vadinHA49	vadinHA49 uc	vadinHA49 uc	vadinHA49 uc
asv14633	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Jannaschia
asv14634	Bacteria	Elusimicrobiota	Lineage_IIb	Lineage_IIb uc	Lineage_IIb uc	Lineage_IIb uc
asv14635	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
asv14636	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Planctomycetales uc	Planctomycetales uc
asv14637	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv14638	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Oleiphilaceae	Oleiphilus
asv14639	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv14640	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium_sensu_stricto_1
asv14641	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Changchengzhania
asv14642	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv14643	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Oscillospirales	Ruminococcaceae	Incertae_Sedis
asv14644	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Saccharospirillaceae	Reinekea
asv14645	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv14646	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv14647	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	SM2D12	SM2D12 uc
asv14649	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_5	Subgroup_5 uc	Subgroup_5 uc	Subgroup_5 uc
asv14650	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv14651	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Actinomycetales	Actinomycetaceae	Actinomyces
asv14652	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv14653	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv14654	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv14655	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
asv14656	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv14657	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Coriobacteriia	Coriobacteriales	Eggerthellaceae	Eggerthella
asv14658	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv14659	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
asv14660	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv14661	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rubripirellula
asv14662	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
asv14663	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv14664	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv14665	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
asv14666	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	Gemmatimonadetes	Gemmatimonadales	Gemmatimonadaceae	Gemmatimonadaceae uc
asv14667	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv14668	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv14669	Bacteria	Armatimonadota	Fimbriimonadia	Fimbriimonadales	Fimbriimonadaceae	Fimbriimonadaceae uc
asv14670	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kordiimonadales	Kordiimonadaceae	Kordiimonas
asv14671	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Paraglaciecola
asv14672	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Bradymonadales	Bradymonadales uc	Bradymonadales uc
asv14673	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
asv14674	Bacteria	Sumerlaeota	Sumerlaeia	Sumerlaeia uc	Sumerlaeia uc	Sumerlaeia uc
asv14675	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
asv14676	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv14677	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
asv14678	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	028H05-P-BN-P5	028H05-P-BN-P5 uc	028H05-P-BN-P5 uc	028H05-P-BN-P5 uc
asv14679	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomicaceae uc
asv14680	Bacteria	Patescibacteria	ABY1	Cand_Komeilibacteria	Cand_Komeilibacteria uc	Cand_Komeilibacteria uc
asv14681	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv14682	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv14683	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv14684	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
asv14685	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
asv14686	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv14687	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
asv14688	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv14689	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvibaculales	Parvibaculales uc	Parvibaculales uc
asv14690	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv14691	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	Cand_Puniceispirillum
asv14692	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv14694	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Polyangiales	Sandaracinaceae	Sandaracinaceae uc
asv14695	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv14696	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv14697	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv14699	Bacteria	Latescibacterota	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc
asv14700	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv14701	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Halobacteriovorax
asv14702	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv14704	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	WCHB1-81	WCHB1-81 uc	WCHB1-81 uc	WCHB1-81 uc
asv14705	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cytophagales uc	Cytophagales uc
asv14706	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
asv14707	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
asv14708	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv14711	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Geobacterales	Geobacteraceae	Citrifermentans
asv14712	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv14713	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Silicimonas
asv14714	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	CL500-3
asv14715	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
asv14716	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Omnitrophia	Omnitrophales	Omnitrophales uc	Omnitrophales uc
asv14717	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Pseudorhodobacter
asv14718	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv14719	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv14720	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriales uc	Flavobacteriales uc
asv14721	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv14722	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halioglobus
asv14723	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv14724	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales uc	Rickettsiales uc
asv14725	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Sediminibacterium
asv14726	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Rhodothermia	Rhodothermales	Rhodothermaceae	Rhodothermaceae uc
asv14727	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Nioella
asv14728	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Spongiibacteraceae uc
asv14729	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv14730	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Rubritalea
asv14731	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	UBA12411	UBA12411 uc
asv14732	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv14733	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv14734	Bacteria	Fibrobacterota	Fibrobacteria	Fibrobacterales	TG3	TG3 uc
asv14735	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Hoeflea
asv14736	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv14737	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	SG8-4	SG8-4 uc
asv14738	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Chloroflexia	Thermomicrobiales	AKYG1722	AKYG1722 uc
asv14739	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_21	Subgroup_21 uc	Subgroup_21 uc	Subgroup_21 uc
asv14740	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc
asv14741	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv14742	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv14743	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv14744	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv14745	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Shewanella
asv14746	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv14747	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc
asv14748	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
asv14749	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv14750	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv14751	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	env.OPS_17	env.OPS_17 uc
asv14752	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
asv14753	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv14754	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Marisediminicola
asv14755	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Porphyrobacter
asv14756	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Oleiphilaceae	Oleiphilus
asv14757	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Loktanella
asv14758	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
asv14759	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv14760	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv14761	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv14762	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
asv14763	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv14764	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwelliaceae uc
asv14765	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv14766	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv14767	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
asv14768	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Thalassobaculales	Nisaeaceae	OM75
asv14769	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv14770	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	Thioglobaceae uc
asv14771	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv14773	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
asv14775	Bacteria	Abditibacteriota	Abditibacteria	Abditibacteriales	Abditibacteriaceae	Abditibacterium
asv14776	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv14777	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
asv14778	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Variovorax
asv14779	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
asv14780	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS4
asv14781	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
asv14782	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv14783	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	NS10
asv14784	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv14785	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Thiotrichaceae	Thiotrichaceae uc
asv14786	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Methylophagaceae	Methylophagaceae uc
asv14787	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv14788	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv14789	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	Vermiphilaceae	Vermiphilaceae uc
asv14790	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Piscirickettsiales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Piscirickettsia
asv14791	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Aminicenantia	Aminicenantales	Aminicenantales uc	Aminicenantales uc
asv14792	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Bacteriovoracaceae uc
asv14793	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv14794	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv14795	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Omnitrophia	Omnitrophales	Omnitrophaceae	Cand_Omnitrophus
asv14796	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Spirosomaceae	Taeseokella
asv14797	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv14798	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv14799	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
asv14800	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv14801	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv14802	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade IV	SAR11 Clade IV uc
asv14803	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv14804	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
asv14805	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv14806	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionella
asv14807	Bacteria	Armatimonadota	Fimbriimonadia	Fimbriimonadales	Fimbriimonadales uc	Fimbriimonadales uc
asv14808	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
asv14809	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv14810	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Limnochordia	MBA03	MBA03 uc	MBA03 uc
asv14811	Bacteria	NKB15	NKB15 uc	NKB15 uc	NKB15 uc	NKB15 uc
asv14812	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv14814	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv14815	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
asv14816	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv14817	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv14818	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv14819	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv14820	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
asv14821	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
asv14822	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv14823	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus
asv14824	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv14825	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv14826	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
asv14827	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
asv14828	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv14829	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv14830	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
asv14831	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv14832	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv14833	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv14834	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Changchengzhania
asv14836	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
asv14837	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
asv14838	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
asv14839	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobulbia	Desulfobulbales	Desulfocapsaceae	Desulfocapsaceae uc
asv14840	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Amoebophilaceae	Amoebophilaceae uc
asv14841	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv14842	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	vadinHA49	vadinHA49 uc	vadinHA49 uc	vadinHA49 uc
asv14843	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
asv14844	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv14845	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv14848	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Dokdonia
asv14849	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv14850	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv14851	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Vibrio
asv14852	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospinaceae uc
asv14853	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv14854	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
asv14855	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv14856	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Rhodothermia	Rhodothermales	Rhodothermaceae	Rhodothermaceae uc
asv14857	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv14858	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc
asv14859	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Rhizobiaceae uc
asv14860	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingorhabdus
asv14861	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Spongiibacteraceae uc
asv14862	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv14863	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
asv14864	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
asv14867	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv14868	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv14869	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Amoebophilaceae	Cand_Amoebophilus
asv14870	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv14871	Bacteria	Spirochaetota	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales	Spirochaetaceae	Sphaerochaeta
asv14872	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Marinicella
asv14873	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacteria	Desulfobacterales	Desulfosarcinaceae	Sva0081_sediment_group
asv14874	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv14875	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
asv14876	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Rhodothermia	Rhodothermales	Rhodothermaceae	Rhodothermaceae uc
asv14877	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv14878	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
asv14879	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
asv14880	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv14881	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
asv14882	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aurantivirga
asv14883	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	NS10
asv14884	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv14885	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
asv14888	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv14889	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
asv14890	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
asv14891	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
asv14892	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Blfdi19	Blfdi19 uc	Blfdi19 uc
asv14893	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv14894	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	Babeliales uc	Babeliales uc
asv14895	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella
asv14896	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Cnuella
asv14897	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv14898	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
asv14899	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Bradymonadales	Bradymonadales uc	Bradymonadales uc
asv14900	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	SCGC_AAA011-D5	SCGC_AAA011-D5 uc
asv14901	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv14902	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv14903	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Cognatiyoonia
asv14904	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv14905	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
asv14906	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv14907	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv14909	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
asv14910	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv14912	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv14913	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv14914	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv14915	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
asv14916	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
asv14917	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv14918	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
asv14919	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv14920	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv14921	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv14922	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
asv14924	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv14925	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Bradymonadales	Bradymonadales uc	Bradymonadales uc
asv14926	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv14927	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv14928	Bacteria	Latescibacterota	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc
asv14929	Bacteria	Sumerlaeota	Sumerlaeia	Sumerlaeales	Sumerlaeaceae	Sumerlaea
asv14930	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv14931	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv14932	Bacteria	Sumerlaeota	Sumerlaeia	Sumerlaeales	Sumerlaeaceae	Sumerlaea
asv14933	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv14934	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv14935	Bacteria	Patescibacteria	Gracilibacteria	Cand_Peregrinibacteria	Cand_Peregrinibacteria uc	Cand_Peregrinibacteria uc
asv14936	Bacteria	Sumerlaeota	Sumerlaeia	Sumerlaeales	Sumerlaeaceae	Sumerlaea
asv14937	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv14938	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Victivallales	Arctic95B-14	Arctic95B-14 uc
asv14939	Bacteria	Calditrichota	Calditrichia	Calditrichales	Calditrichaceae	Calorithrix
asv14940	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv14941	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv14942	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Cognatiyoonia
asv14943	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Muribaculaceae	Muribaculaceae uc
asv14944	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
asv14945	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv14946	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv14947	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales	Fusibacteraceae	Fusibacter
asv14948	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionellaceae uc
asv14949	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv14950	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc
asv14951	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Omnitrophia	Omnitrophales	koll11	koll11 uc
asv14952	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
asv14953	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Holophagae	Acanthopleuribacterales	Acanthopleuribacteraceae	Acanthopleuribacter
asv14954	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	mle1-8	mle1-8 uc	mle1-8 uc
asv14955	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv14956	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
asv14957	Bacteria	Patescibacteria	Gracilibacteria	Cand_Peregrinibacteria	Cand_Peregrinibacteria uc	Cand_Peregrinibacteria uc
asv14958	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
asv14959	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Rhizobiaceae uc
asv14960	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Chlamydiae	Chlamydiales	Simkaniaceae	Cand_Fritschea
asv14961	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv14962	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Pelagicoccus
asv14963	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
asv14965	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
asv14966	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv14967	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Cognatiyoonia
asv14968	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv14969	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	NAC11-7
asv14971	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_26	Subgroup_26 uc	Subgroup_26 uc	Subgroup_26 uc
asv14972	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prolixibacteraceae	Prolixibacteraceae uc
asv14973	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	Gemmatimonadetes	Gemmatimonadales	Gemmatimonadaceae	Gemmatimonas
asv14974	Bacteria	Patescibacteria	Saccharimonadia	Saccharimonadales	Saccharimonadales uc	Saccharimonadales uc
asv14975	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Cyanobacteriia	Cyanobacteriales	Coleofasciculaceae	Wilmottia_Ant-Ph58
asv14976	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv14977	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv14978	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiales uc	Burkholderiales uc
asv14979	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Lentimonas
asv14981	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Rhizobiaceae uc
asv14983	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Cyanobacteriia	Cyanobacteriia uc	Cyanobacteriia uc	Cyanobacteriia uc
asv14985	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv14986	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetes uc	Planctomycetes uc	Planctomycetes uc
asv14987	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Omnitrophia	Omnitrophales	Omnitrophaceae	Cand_Omnitrophus
asv14988	Bacteria	Sumerlaeota	Sumerlaeia	Sumerlaeales	Sumerlaeaceae	Sumerlaea
asv14989	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionaceae	Cellvibrionaceae uc
asv14991	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Hymenobacteraceae	Hymenobacter
asv14992	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Anaerolineales	Anaerolineaceae	Anaerolineaceae uc
asv14993	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv14994	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Cand_Berkiella
asv14995	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv14996	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv14997	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	CCM11a	CCM11a uc	CCM11a uc
asv14998	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	P.palmC41	P.palmC41 uc	P.palmC41 uc
asv14999	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv15000	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
asv15001	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	SM23-30	SM23-30 uc
asv15002	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
asv15003	Bacteria	Latescibacterota	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc
asv15004	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	Vermiphilaceae	Vermiphilaceae uc
asv15005	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	mle1-8	mle1-8 uc	mle1-8 uc
asv15006	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	0319-6G20	0319-6G20 uc	0319-6G20 uc
asv15007	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
asv15008	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Cand_Megaira
asv15010	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Lentimonas
asv15011	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv15012	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
asv15013	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	Babeliales uc	Babeliales uc
asv15014	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Algicola
asv15015	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
asv15016	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv15017	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Sutterellaceae	Sutterellaceae uc
asv15018	Bacteria	Patescibacteria	Saccharimonadia	Saccharimonadales	Saccharimonadales uc	Saccharimonadales uc
asv15019	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Glaciecola
asv15020	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
asv15021	Bacteria	RCP2-54	RCP2-54 uc	RCP2-54 uc	RCP2-54 uc	RCP2-54 uc
asv15022	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmatota_cl	Thermoplasmatota_or	Thermoplasmatota_fa	Thermoplasmatota_fa uc
asv15023	Bacteria	Sumerlaeota	Sumerlaeia	Sumerlaeales	Sumerlaeaceae	Sumerlaea
asv15024	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Roseibacillus
asv15025	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Oscillospirales	Oscillospiraceae	UCG-005
asv15026	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
asv15027	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
asv15029	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
asv15030	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv15031	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Lentibacter
asv15032	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv15033	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
asv15035	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales	Anaerovoracaceae	Mogibacterium
asv15036	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
asv15037	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
asv15038	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
asv15039	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
asv15040	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Litoreibacter
asv15041	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv15042	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Comamonadaceae uc
asv15043	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv15044	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv15045	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv15046	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
asv15047	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
asv15048	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
asv15049	Bacteria	Patescibacteria	Saccharimonadia	Saccharimonadales	Saccharimonadales uc	Saccharimonadales uc
asv15050	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
asv15051	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv15052	Bacteria	Hydrogenedentes	Hydrogenedentia	Hydrogenedentiales	Hydrogenedensaceae	Hydrogenedensaceae uc
asv15053	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
asv15054	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv15055	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
asv15056	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv15057	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv15058	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv15059	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aurantivirga
asv15060	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
asv15061	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
asv15062	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
asv15063	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv15064	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv15065	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv15066	Bacteria	Deferrisomatota	Defferrisomatia	Defferrisomatales	Defferrisomataceae	Deferrisoma
asv15067	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales uc	Rickettsiales uc
asv15068	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv15069	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv15070	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kiloniellales	Kiloniellaceae	Tistlia
asv15071	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv15072	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv15073	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	NAC11-7
asv15074	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv15075	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
asv15076	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv15077	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
asv15078	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv15079	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv15080	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv15081	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter
asv15082	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
asv15083	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
asv15084	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv15085	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv15086	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	Woesearchaeales uc	Woesearchaeales uc
asv15087	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv15088	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	AT-s2-59	AT-s2-59 uc	AT-s2-59 uc
asv15089	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv15090	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Lentibacter
asv15091	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Fokiniaceae	MD3-55
asv15092	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Lentilitoribacter
asv15093	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Formosa
asv15094	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	AT-s2-59	AT-s2-59 uc	AT-s2-59 uc
asv15095	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thiomicrospiraceae	Thiomicrorhabdus
asv15096	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	ST-12K33	ST-12K33 uc
asv15097	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Microbacterium
asv15098	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv15099	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv15100	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
asv15101	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
asv15102	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv15103	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv15104	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
asv15105	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
asv15106	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv15107	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
asv15108	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Opitutaceae	Opitutaceae uc
asv15109	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
asv15110	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
asv15111	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv15112	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv15113	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
asv15114	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv15115	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
asv15116	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Pelagimonas
asv15117	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
asv15118	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
asv15119	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
asv15120	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
asv15121	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella
asv15122	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	MWH-UniP1_aquatic_group	MWH-UniP1_aquatic_group uc
asv15123	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Vadicella
asv15124	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv15125	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv15126	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Bacteriovoracaceae uc
asv15127	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	NAC11-7
asv15128	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Anaerolineales	Anaerolineaceae	Anaerolineaceae uc
asv15129	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacteria	Desulfobacterales	Desulfosarcinaceae	Sva0081_sediment_group
asv15130	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv15131	Bacteria	Fibrobacterota	Fibrobacteria	Fibrobacterales	TG3	TG3 uc
asv15132	Bacteria	Elusimicrobiota	Elusimicrobia	Elusimicrobia uc	Elusimicrobia uc	Elusimicrobia uc
asv15133	Bacteria	Calditrichota	Calditrichia	Calditrichales	Calditrichaceae	Calditrichaceae uc
asv15134	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	vadinHA49	vadinHA49 uc	vadinHA49 uc	vadinHA49 uc
asv15135	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
asv15136	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv15137	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thiomicrospiraceae	endosymbionts
asv15138	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
asv15139	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
asv15140	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Paracaedibacterales	Paracaedibacteraceae	Paracaedibacteraceae uc
asv15141	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales uc	Rickettsiales uc
asv15142	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv15143	Bacteria	Sva0485	Sva0485 uc	Sva0485 uc	Sva0485 uc	Sva0485 uc
asv15144	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv15145	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
asv15146	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv15147	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv15148	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv15149	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella
asv15150	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
asv15151	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
asv15152	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv15153	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
asv15154	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
asv15155	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
asv15156	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
asv15157	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv15158	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales_fa	Finegoldia
asv15159	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Microbacterium
asv15160	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv15161	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kordiimonadales	Kordiimonadaceae	Kordiimonas
asv15162	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
asv15163	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Frankiales	Nakamurellaceae	Nakamurella
asv15165	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales uc	Rickettsiales uc
asv15166	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Octadecabacter
asv15167	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
asv15168	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv15169	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas
asv15170	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
asv15171	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	NS10
asv15172	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
asv15173	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
asv15174	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Cognatiyoonia
asv15175	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Holophagae	Acanthopleuribacterales	Acanthopleuribacteraceae	Acanthopleuribacter
asv15176	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	Babeliales uc	Babeliales uc
asv15177	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
asv15178	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Bythopirellula
asv15179	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv15180	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Omnitrophia	Omnitrophales	koll11	koll11 uc
asv15181	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv15182	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halieaceae uc
asv15183	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Chlamydiae	Chlamydiales	Chlamydiaceae	Chlamydiaceae uc
asv15184	Bacteria	Aerophobota	Aerophobia	Aerophobales	Aerophobales uc	Aerophobales uc
asv15185	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	Bdellovibrio
asv15186	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv15187	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv15188	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv15189	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv15190	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Octadecabacter
asv15191	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv15192	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Dasania
asv15193	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	Cand_Puniceispirillum
asv15195	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv15196	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
asv15197	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
asv15198	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
asv15199	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Ulvibacter
asv15200	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
asv15201	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Caldilineales	Caldilineaceae	Caldilineaceae uc
asv15202	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionales uc	Micavibrionales uc
asv15203	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Aminicenantia	Aminicenantales	Aminicenantales uc	Aminicenantales uc
asv15204	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
asv15205	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Omnitrophia	Omnitrophales	koll11	koll11 uc
asv15206	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
asv15207	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_21	Subgroup_21 uc	Subgroup_21 uc	Subgroup_21 uc
asv15208	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
asv15209	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Stappiaceae	Stappiaceae uc
asv15210	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	Lentimicrobiaceae	Lentimicrobiaceae uc
asv15211	Bacteria	Patescibacteria	Gracilibacteria	Gracilibacteria uc	Gracilibacteria uc	Gracilibacteria uc
asv15212	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
asv15213	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
asv15214	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
asv15215	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Ulvibacter
asv15216	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
asv15217	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Paraglaciecola
asv15218	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
asv15219	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Paraglaciecola
asv15220	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
asv15221	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
asv15222	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maritimimonas
asv15223	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv15224	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Algicola
asv15225	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	Thioglobaceae uc
asv15228	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
asv15229	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
asv15230	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
asv15231	Bacteria	Sva0485	Sva0485 uc	Sva0485 uc	Sva0485 uc	Sva0485 uc
asv15232	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	Thioglobaceae uc
asv15233	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
asv15234	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
asv15235	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus
